[Music]
shameful unjustifiable and you do not wear
reason and you are not an example of anything and
I should be the first to shut you up
talk about myself
I
only
you who
I will do my best
my Don't be afraid Don't be afraid No
Don't be afraid, it's just a game. Don't be afraid.
fear no Don't be afraid no Don't be afraid
fear Don't be afraid Don't be afraid
It's just a game, isn't it?
you are embarrassed and and this great song with the
that we started today
but she didn't want to be famous eh
Well, let's see, but since you're here, you're here.
No. Good night family. How are you?
you are delighted to be here one night
more with you and surely the last one
I don't know what we're getting into this week
Back here on Sunday But well today
It's going to be a very interesting live show
The truth is that we have been close
about to do it because we don't
we agreed and I'm very glad that
that in the end yes because the truth is that
We have a lot of substance to discuss today.
Consuelo Sor Cotilla and my friend over there
How are you? Hey, your room is so clean.
always the truth that is also noticeable
panne cabrona I mean don't see don't see the
furniture and whether the installation is powerful
Hey, from what you're seeing, the only thing that
the
Chair good good that always has to
break the magic [ __ ] had slipped Look
people believed it, of course, everyone
He thinks this is my room
truth And why I don't usually comes from
Empalme no I come from Empalme of course no
could be on the mobile But yes
Junction I finished there 38 at
9:38 I come from Empalme and how has it been
People take the program of Bueno today
They have already been dividing a little bit because
the truth is that already
See, I play a lot of humor, eh, I laugh.
a lot of but cool my channel super cool
The truth is that we handle the issue very well.
It's that honestly, let's see, sometimes I
I got hot and the other day on Twitter the
tweet that I put was like that I
You may seem like cynics, but it's just that
There really is no other way for you
take it from humor because or
you see so many contradictions and and and and
so many slips that the only thing
way is to take it from the humor I mean
I can't take them seriously
TRUE
Look, I compared Laura Matamoros with your t
the letter that Laura wrote
Matamoros
you have it mu
okay let's comment on a couple of
little thing before Marta's, Laura's
Matamoro, we're going to comment on it and I don't know what
Do you think if we comment on the gem thing, it's a
You will see little, it is a little opinion such as
But well, it's interesting because it comes
by one of the few
collaborators of Sálvame who has
survived other jobs no and that is what
What I was saying to María Patiño today
think you are one of the
few people who are not Maria
Patiño has not found absolutely
nothing did not make an announcement an announcement made
what was it about
announcement made an announcement Maria Patiño did not
loo an ad made an ad hio of
what the advertisement was was a company of
phone are very pigeonholed Javi is
that in the end they are very pigeonholed and
end are very pigeonholed into a
content that people already associate as
something bad Well but Lidia Lozano is
on Spanish television Terelu also
see man Rafa Mora and that they left a
a little bit over there but but man to
see Maria skating
María Patiño has become radicalized
much the problem of Mara apart from that
It became very radicalized because it was in the
that the change of opinion was most noticeable
overnight as a result of the
a slap on the wrist was what the
The more people criticized him and the more he did to him
face or so until the day before yesterday you were
saying one thing and it shows a lot
that they have given you a slap on the wrist and
From today you have changed the speech to
totally the opposite when you eh
you were saying that you personally
you had lived through situations that
things were not as they were being told and
suddenly overnight
they went on to say yes but yes with passion
Also, eh, but what if. Also, let's go
Today I made a video of that in the
main channel family just in case
you want to see then I will remind you when
Let's go there because I don't know how to upload it to K
there but it was a video made of coffee
Kaiku, that was it, that was it, accordis, it's true.
an announcement let's go passed a little
unnoticed but we talked about it and now it's not
just how pathetic the change was
María Patiño's jacket not when she
They shot him in the ear but of course
They carry the backpack a quantity of
news
invented the sentence by face
I'm good with María José Campanaro
I think it was not short and it is not cut a
hair to me to me that of Rosio Jurado
It seems very serious to start saying that
Rosio Jurado on his deathbed
He took your hand and said, "Don't mess with me."
Antonio David that my daughter is afraid of him
wow, but it's recorded, aunt, but it's
that apart from the fact that you know it is recorded
But of course Rocío Jurado no longer loves her.
You can say no to the [ __ ] but all the
world Yes but the newspaper archive
Yes man, but if you say maybe
Well, I'm going to lie to you about one thing.
that it is not known that they will not find out
but what now but yes but yes those are
images that are the last of Roso
Jury long live everyone has seen them and
everyone has seen Maria Patio
Well, he made it up, okay, Maria.
José Campanero I think there were two
you condemn one because he mentioned the health department
It sounds to me like Maria is in that one
Patiño and Kiko but don't take me seriously
that maybe I'm making it up
little memory is worth Lidia I don't know
Kiko is that Kiko with a bell tower too
but but the patio itself has the one of
invent that Marí José bell tower That
little thing Vale that grabbed him by the neck
the
mother-in-law was there
It is not the same one that was hitting yesterday
on the chest saying that for her the
rigor is essential please And if not
there is a conviction by a judge who cannot
say clearly Hey, of course, they have a
very big curd uncle they have answered
because These are 3 minutes of video no
We are going to skip it, they have answered
Gema's opinion on the program
They answered these days ago they gave him
thank you and very good cordial No
Yes, very well, the truth is that they have done well
had very good words towards
gems Yes yes Well let's see is that she
What he says is a bit the same in the end
what have they been saying
that it is good to work in the
trash TV, let's not call it that, don't work
in the blood works in trash TV
play the limits and all that stuff but
don't deny it Exactly clear don't say that
and that Tele5 is slowly getting back on track
eh, the same path again, that is
lift the vetoes and stop fooling around
It's that I am that I am
It was a joke for me
are committing Exactly Good or else
Out out part of the obvious are
committing exactly the
same mistakes now
Jorge Javier himself is not on the subject
ideological but if you realize the
guests who bring all have
absolutely the same thought
ideological, that is, you take me the plural
who is obsessed with Ah you mean
here on YouTube no eh Yes yes yes the one from
the plural one, this Chema who is
like super obsessed with the fact that there is a
correct part of the story and it is the
that he says and that's it today the malber that
Iden de iden these from the television
They also show their bias
the barbarity is that absolutely all
the collaborations they have all go
focused in the same sense
ideological So that's why they are
making exactly the same mistake
that they committed on television that without
However, they say they were thrown out for
political issue okay And now you go and
do the same thing but Ana Rosa is that
You have realized it now that I
you said before starting the
This interview is one of the ones that is being discussed
saying that I have not commented on it
I'll see if I have time tomorrow and
I comment on an interview that he has given
Ana Rosa has given it to an influencer
what is Marina
Rivers, who is also super progressive
girl and she has done it in a
super progressive platform super of
left that we could okay that it doesn't happen
nothing but that is where Ana Ros has
given the the Hey, I'm going to bring you all
the days not back here no What's going on
that no But because it is the welcome no
Do you think they are going to be with me?
sending super chat Well then the
welcome had been throughout the
weekend is valid, that is, the whole weekend
I'm going to bring it this week Friday, Saturday and
on Sunday so that he can stop it
you receive but yes it is what I was telling you
I was surprised before, eh?
precisely do it to see that in the end
no problem I guess normal
But but I was surprised that Ana
Rosa precisely does the interview in
a medium
so ideologically different from his
thought but Ana Rosa actually her
program to its programs has led to
people of all ideologies not without
differentiate
No, what happens is that
then one thing one thing is her and her spe
and her things no but then she in her
editorials and in the speeches that she
he threw and so on and what man leans
obviously towards the right
but it has brought collaborators from
All ideologies are that if not there is no
clear debate must take place
There has to be a clo deate but if it is a
topic if it is a heart program
Well, the political part of course has its o
have your debates on everything on the subject
of elections and others have had their
section on society and politics and
others But yes So of course it has to
let's see, of all of all of them
ideologies I mean if it wouldn't be a camera
from Claro echo
Well, let's see what Laura does.
This is good. Congratulations Pablo who has
won today another trial worth it was a
resource that they appealed and has won again
time judgment has surprised me a lot that
I won that trial, Pablo, because the truth is
According to the other party, he had a wild card with
the one who already won everything But oh well
Congratulations Pablo if you are around
there in the chat King happiness for that
trial won no one said this path
It was going to be easy. Okay, I'll stop here.
that was going to be that was not so it was not going to be
to be f f not were and were is the same
clear whether it was or not but that this path
It was easy to sound a little strange to me.
but well and I knew it but I have given it
the best of me and also the worst I have
learned from me and my colleagues
My mistakes can be learned but
I can't pretend to carry the
permanently loaded backpack with
responsibilities in many cases not
have depended on me During this
time and the surviving trajectory I have
learned once again that I should overcome myself
same question of
attitude, let's see, I'm going there to get to the mess because
Of course this is a little motivational, right?
but I want to see the la well the reason no
doesn't give it Eh In the end I think that from a
distant perspective of the contest and of
home I see certain people act and
continue with certain attitudes that do not
correspond to the survival process
That's why I think about my problem a lot.
trajectory and what has been seen of me
So my colleagues may not be happy with this.
I take my part in the blame for my attitudes
But if it is true that seeing it from
outside and with lack of information it is not known
They understand for better or for worse that lack
of information makes it impossible for them to reach
be understood
How do you see this? Thank you very much.
Rachel
Let's see, it seems like a call to me, but it is
that is already the O, that is, there are already several
people already go several people who as
who make a complaint to the
information that is being given in the
videos in the programs and so on are
being quite biased but this is
We've been watching this whole program
survivors, that is to say, it has been very
shameful, very shameful what they have
made as if they had changed
survivor directors too
eh the producer and everything has been very no
is directed equally nor
nothing always in many programs
survivors included we have always
We have seen favoritism and we have always seen it
eh Because then it has always been spoken
that behind the scenes things happened and
He gave food to some and had more
privilege with others and blah blah blah blah
blah but it seems to me that this thing
It's already being so, I think not so
directed It is that this survivor is
It looks like it was very directed that
were Yes as if they had
fully directed that they were
acting all the time Yes, they also happen
As before, I don't think everyone eats.
man Yes man you see the Christ and
Come on, all the la has been removed
grease everywhere you know it's dry
dry dry No no yes they have lost weight yes
who have lost weight. Let's see, don't add fuel.
For clear Carmen it was difficult that
you lose weight or
No, [ __ ], Rosa Benito, you came in.
with So it was difficult Javi Because he has
been there for four days and a little more and they have
been giving behind is that it is not that
It's not that I don't see, I think that there in
These reality shows when they are from
famous there is a part that is a show as if
you set up a discussion group about chronicles
Martians as if you ride such then
Carmen Borrego was against treatment
as an actress
basically and to and to remove the
wasp nest because he stirred it well eh
man was the protagonist all the time
The truth is that they gave it to him
cigarettes and sandwich of course but it's that
It is a show, that is to say, it is
entertainment and it's just a show
clear tamp for the people who are
starving and for that we have it as
another thing that they direct it so much I think
that is losing all its essence
survivor lost her long ago
that more than Unfair For the people who
is starving It is unfair to the
people who are spending money on
vote I hope I make a 25 tonight with the
entrance from here with
Plato please I go is a piece of
format is a Rob
This prostitute Victor is a tremendous guy
but anyway it is that voting is voting
It's free
Hey, voting is free, of course, I've been voting.
this case So nothing happens but it is
that there are some reality shows that are difficult
money vote Claro Claro this year everyone
the contests that are being held are
Vote for my TV app, huh?
but I think it has a cost, eh? No, no.
no, I have it and I don't pay anything and it
What do I do if I take the entire voting contest?
It should be free, I think.
on my Plus Noa TV, not on the
application but I thought that because of the
votes that you get in and vote
quietly no no no but of course it is
Let's see the reality shows, the votes are there
They can control that people cannot
vote more than once each person
some
form is not supposed to be
can votes it seems to me no no no no
this
I've been looking for a year and well, maybe I'll get in.
In two days I can vote again and no no
vote and your vote is recorded AND
From that same email Josefina says
Blessed are you among women, blessed are you
I am blessed I am yes I am not Benita like him
teacher and but I am blessed it is very good
It's the same as always, then there will be then
800,000 multi-accounts but oh well, of course
There will be a way, but man, it will be the least of it.
but it costs money in the end
Of course it influences what you say, damn it and
If I don't have people who spend money
What do I do? I don't earn or I have less.
skills but not only for the
Javi money is everything because in the end
whether you like it or not, the dream passing by, the passing by
hunger, the weather situation and
otherwise it goes well for you, then one
person is as cool as a cucumber, eh?
while the rest are passing by
hunger and fighting in the tests
because she said tururu about the tests
that I can't eh And then Oh I have a
a lot of anxiety but it goes away
anxiety by drinking a glass of water because
already rare but as a person with anxiety
see a person go crazy
anxiety drinking a glass of water to me
It touches me a little
balls Not for nothing but because in the end
are
trivialize a lot of people who are something
with which you have a very bad time then see
that this girl
[Music]
trivialize the noses and then
They tell you when they give you no, don't take one
glass of water clear s s clear let's go
listen to the audio that was sent today
This is amazing, okay, because it's been sent
an audio of Kiko Jimene's mother
program
eher Kiko Jiménez's mother tells us
authorizes to issue this I have removed the
start which is simply Hello so-and-so
Okay, it doesn't come out for me if you already
You know what happens if it comes out
leaves and says No because then Sandra will put
the votes are in
cut And how are they going to put the
voting abado Who is going to vote
He thinks I'm an idiot and I told him
No, I'm not going through the Hoop, I'm not going through it anymore.
I give more sun. I don't give anything either.
but what I have to say to my
Son, I will tell you in person what you
I have to tell my son and that's it for me
No, I have not intervened in anything, I say to myself.
No, no, they want to keep me all afternoon.
me to tell the kid to
see me crying or something where to go
[ __ ] okay the mother has taken one
decision as I interpret
Well, don't you see how they are turning out this year?
everyone from there is coming out combed
eh is that all
eh And that Jiménez is the pretty boy
Hey, from the production company.
Be careful and what you swallow will be the one you don't
In fact, I had seen a news item about this one
I know if it was this morning or last night that he said
something like that
as Kiko Jiménez will receive some
privileges or I don't know what reward upon arrival
and an exception will be made for him is that I
survivor I don't follow him anymore than he does
gossip and an exception will be made for him
to give it I don't know how much clear and I have
I was about to answer the news
Curr the boy no because this is not the case
the workers how are you? But
Well Kiko Jiménez has swept a lot for
house and has worked behind the scenes for the
producer putting [ __ ] between some and
others and and
in acting as an intermediary between
producer and contestant and in this
shut up and in this I will give you pills of
what is happening outside and that is who
say child my m the producer But
because he was doing his little things for
they for
behind him was no survivors
He knows that his girlfriend is going again
survivors
no because it was
visiting the announcement there, of course, of the little
that you saw survivor
superv night with him and everything and there it is
confirmed no and that was where it was known
first subcontestant Sofia and in the
palapa clear and he knew it to him
date is given eh No the date is not
given but they speak for between 20 and
27 end of June I don't think so and
as it ends in and they will be July and
August there What happens that they are
talking about what are you doing, eh, gossip, eh, with
the calo What does it do It's not that it will last c
weeks how strange of course what was going to happen
last less will last five weeks
maximum what I heard is that in
August they could no longer continue because
the whole storm season was beginning and
hurricanes and cyclones and everything then
as if they were going to do everything super
concentrated and I thought it was going to last less
what was going to be recorded about the island of
The Temptations What happens when recorded
For me I think it would be a failure.
be recorded So not everything eh Not everything
You will see galas that will be recorded
eh also what happens is that they were
saying like they were going to do it
recorded to then stretch it I am
in favor of it lasting less
honestly the same as this one for the
contestants left should last
more and they are going to cut it, I mean, I don't know
how are they going to do it but they have to
cut out this
Yeah
Wait a second, eh? I'm so excited.
Lili is warning you about something. This one is already
It takes a long time and it is not here either.
survivors good
I'm tired of hearing about it or already
It takes a lot of good that it has been has been
intens has been very intense eh with him
Angel Christ has been very intense in this
I don't see it but I hear about it
They don't actually take that long but they do
that has been intense has been very intense
between the sheep and the Angel Christ who
It has been very intense, not that it is
Angel Christ my mother today in the thing of
They have been carrying on for 82 days or 83 days or in
Julio the one from Orga I remember that I
I take vacations, I remember that
the final in fact today precisely I don't know
why I was checking the live streams
from the main channel and there is the live one
that one in which
I know it was the day of the final that
Olga won Yes apart from that it was the end of
Julio because Jorge was already taking it from there
the holidays but because of the issue of the
storms and weather have brought it forward
It started later too and this year it is
which started in the middle of
clear march save me what I have left
hallucinating I think he's going to have a chick
will have Audi
I know that the casting is a bomb
Holy [ __ ], the casting is about what
you [ __ ] yourself You already have a favorite So that's it
evidently on this channel it will be
to give the monero no no no no
sorry
Adara of the contest not on this channel
It will depend on you, the contest, whether it is
how they do it with Adara so that
whether we see it or not Ah because I don't
I can stand it. That is to say, it is very difficult for me to adara
also
I want the Swiss, look, I was my
favorite since Big Brother I saw that
because I didn't see that anonymous person
because that season of Big Brother is
those two or three big brothers like that
Jorge I didn't see them but already in yours I
loved it, let's go, it was brutal, it's, I mean, I
It seems like the first Big Brother Yes very much
victimist but then in all the
The rest is very childish in some things and
That's beyond me. Well, it's been a few
how many years? Well, but it's that the
Adara pattern is in all
contests does the same then cl and
Mars risks fighting, imagine the two
If Marta Rco had been a bomb, eh?
either
sea
Olga Rosa Benito What a shame that it has happened
fallen with the arm thing because it was
another entity between Adara and Sofia is going to
there is a fight of egos
but I
I believe everywhere
Olga is going to get caught but only for
discounted But between two the two have
the very inflated ego or
but they are going to start being intimate. Now
you will see
then I can get along perfectly
with someone that person in his house and the
mine but then daily no but
apart from Sons of reality that I won from
Here, of the two, it is placed at the very top
There are the two who are super rivals
there will be there when they arrive at
the final and they have to step on to win
They're leaving, they're going to dethrone both of them, let's go
They're going to go pluck you so you don't see anything
In the end, Olga is going to win again, she says.
Joe survivor at the Star are going to throw the
chewing gum because on Spanish television
They have a lot of pull this summer with the
Sports Europe Euro Cup June 14 to
July 14 and the Olympic Games in Paris
July 26th to August 11th, around there.
more or less this is going to end of course Yes
but I think this is going to be about I think
that it will have a lot of audience. Well
and who do you like then for
that no one wins at the moment
none eh eye that is heard that can
be that the father of Adara's son enters
Hey, that one, I don't like that one.
He was a despot when he came out
because he didn't win
Man, Marco could come in too.
that was final there are several
I entered because as I entered they will end up
Clean host, eh, Logan, coming in.
Logan who had his ups and downs with
Sofia in the
island
Who Logan Who is
Logan was in a survivor
what second sees second was second yes
one who was the most villainous survivor
Olga's because the whole issue was a
Logan machine was a machine to see
See, I mean, I think there's going to be some chicha
in that
superv I think it's going to be quite
entertaining to comment on it, man, I mean
It's the one I'm going to see the most, I think, because
is that all the sauce will depend on
many of those who are there commenting
The Defenders' reality shows
clear and that remains to be announced
Some surprise I understand that we do not
let's imagine but of course what surprise can it be?
whether you come with or without a partner
Adara comes in with a partner, she is with an Adara
She has a boyfriend, a personal trainer. Ah
because Bosco might come in
It is true that Bosco is the winner. He was not
winner no no no it's that he enters that to the
better not, it's also included
confirmed but well let's see
that thing about that or that is I want to tell you
that someone enters with a partner in that is
in this type of realities and above all
certain types of people always what
has sold is the
folder that's why I say that the
boyfriend is with boyfriend I don't know if
It's been there since the beginning of the year or something like that.
That is to say, compose the excuse of Es
that here everything is lived much more intensely
If I go and if I go to Punta Cana with
seven brunette also live it
intensely is that it has balls eh No
but let's be realistic, damn, how many
We have had several editions of Big Brother and
survivors who when he entered
someone with a partner who has had an affair with
Someone from the edition always excuses her
It's the same. It's that everything is lived here.
much more intense I've been listening
That's 20 years, don't [ __ ] with my emotions
There they triple, it's good there it happens
all
Of course, oh my goodness, it's going to be interesting.
to be cool we have today we have today
Well, I'll tell you later.
I say what several several controversies
Here I would have loved to comment
that Carmen came to plant this on him
clip because Carmen has opened today
a melon different from what you are sure to get
we were going to comment here to listen to it
Ana Rosa's editorial team and the poster Look is
which is someone taking and doing a
photo no ...
sign that we are not going to have one sign or two
neither three nor any because they are not
because these things don't exist at all
wait I'm going to
take it off this is all we saw
from the posters someone taking
a holding a sign or a sign with his hand
leaf and that's it. This is the only thing
that we have seen we have not seen any
hanging nor any nor any place nor
500 nor 200 nor
20 we have only seen this is that no
We were there and now this is it
the only image we have of the posters
and with this it was stated that she was all
Malaga that there were 500 that were with this
It just hung
all day May 7, 2021 Marta
is up in the editorial office
AR let's see Marta what happened this
Tomorrow, Marta, come and tell us everything about Málaga.
take a full lake and surroundings, come on
Good morning Joaquín, as I was saying
a few minutes I have the audio to see
I have the audio on, Carmen.
Come on, let's go this morning more than
500 posters like the ones you are going to see
below is Antonio's photograph
David with the word evil is to see another
This is perhaps the only poster we have seen
see below the only one This is
The only thing we have seen is that 500 of you have
seen more if they have not been seen more
that's just one someone holding a
This is all in Malaga, all in Malaga
come Marta Ay Marta Ay Marta Marta
Come here, photograph of Antonio David with the
word abuser in the surroundings
from his house to Rocío Flores' house
You know they live very close to the store
Olga's and the most worrying thing on the way
to the school of also also also
also everything everything everything for everyone
If you saw it, María Patiño saw it
put them on
Lola's classmates' own parents
those who have had to remove those
cartels Marta Marta a few minutes ago
who was leaving the police station has filed
a complaint for honor and damages
both his father Antonio David and the
rest of the family especially as
I say to little Lola, Ah go go go
Look, hey, when are you doing magazines and such?
They gave Aot broth to other mothers who
I love little ones and that I pee with
Carmen, let's see, but listen to me, eye eye
to the melon because Carmen doesn't believe it eh
What a face you three have made.
but Carmen doesn't believe it. You imagine.
that plot twist that Marta suddenly
I entered him like this the week that
It would be coming or it would be getting into a
very fat brown because very big by
that
Ugh, because let's see why he is doing it to me.
putting people in the chat is illegal
deny it to see to see to see to see that I
I can believe it or not believe it.
that it is you, you are in your right to
believe it or not believe it in the end
news is that more than 500 have appeared
posters around Malaga eh
eh And you can believe it or not believe it
that you can't say what Maria said
Patiño eh There is no such thing as just any trial
You can access the trial, there are some cameras
security where Antonio Avid is seen
pasting the posters themselves but that t
you believe that the news has been
invented Marta is not invented
Marta, I don't think it's bad to say that
If you believe it, I want to tell you, that was all that was missing
in their right
It's true that Marta made it up.
what's going on man
God Martha But has participated in the no
but damn Javi, what a face!
present imagine put yourself in the supposed
that is presented on Monday
Hello Fer, what did you say? You hadn't even heard about it.
thought It is not
that doesn't cross my mind
And you know when I thought about it and yesterday I
I said in my live and when I saw the
program there comes a time when you see so
safe to María Patiño
challenging that makes you doubt uncle shut up what
Come on man. You see, I'm not telling you that there isn't
I don't know it has been published and the
The problem is in how the news is delivered
with the exaggeration that can be reached
But of course I say my goodness I say to
see will be true will be lie Of course now
Carmen, it depends on how they present it to you.
things can happen to you, there is one thing that is
100% true And it is that María Patiño is
invented There I go, okay, there was a
trial and that she had seen the video
I saw a video of Antonia gluing the habs
a rotundity and with a
security I didn't believe any of that And that's it
that is judged Not whether it is true or false
the news
Clarando Claro Claro is judged what
Maria says what she saw And such But no
It is said that one does not judge if the news is
true or is it a lie? say Claro yes Maria
Patiño would have said I don't believe this.
of the posters this is an invention of
These people are not that you can't report
the truth So I tell you no, that's not it
That would not have been actionable. Of course.
Of course the problem is that he is saying
that there was a trial with some witnesses who
have declared against it and that there were some
cameras of
security must be taken into account that
Of course we don't know, I had access to
your time to report if I do not
I'm wrong, I'm speaking from memory.
because many years ago and I have given
a lot of news is worth it but you have to have
take into account, for example, that they didn't catch him
for slander, that is, it was a complaint of
slander and libel and only the one charged
by that of
insults of course and there is no value there either
If they are 20, 30, 40, 500, it is because those things are not
They are not judged or valued, you know, one already knows
Okay man, let's see, but let's see if it's a
I don't see it as being an exaggeration either.
because imagine that 10 have been hung
signs in the good neighborhood Vale is not
so serious that they then say 500 Well, he
have adorned is the fact or that they are
10 500 is not gravity it is the fact that
that has happened but of course you listen
It's clear that it's Marí Patiño, eh?
it was another presenter, another collaborator
the one who is suddenly saying already
We'll talk about the posters later.
They will tell me I don't know what and we will talk and of course
If it were someone else, then you already put yourself in
doubt But it is that being María Patiño
slander of what Javi Well I saw
slander Because if you claim that there is a
trial in that way that there has been a trial
with security cameras in which
Antonio comes out putting up the posters, eye
from my point of view I am not
jurist or lawyer or anything like that
But man, I understand that you are accusing
They are accusing them, they accused them of
false accusation also clear cl clo
I understand that there he is charged with a crime of
of false accusation against Rosio Flores and
Antonio David for simulating a crime
which is also another Claro but they have not
I attribute to slander for me really the
The number of posters is the least of it
man, 500 is probably a bit exaggerated.
I don't think that anyone who has
been 500 but what
It really seems serious to me
Just like your daughter on her way to
school you are good at seeing 20 I don't care
that are not 500 me
I explain but it's 500 But well it's not
That's what Carmen believes, she believes that she doesn't.
there is
none Carmen just thinks she sees that
What you see is not that you believe it but
that there is a clear scale there would be like
Marta comes out suddenly, it is clear.
that Maria Patino is telling me
you sold me you sold me knowing the truth
I don't know, listen to me, how this is going to turn out.
Marta, let's see how this turns out.
first telling María Patiño no
I have to go as a witness for you
nothing and that's it. Okay, I'm not here.
witness for you for nothing but of course
see there there is something that must be done
clarify Because I believe that María Patiño
what the week is going to tell you that it is
I don't know if you are understanding me
I think that Maria Patio when she has it
on the plate he will say listen to me
were there any posters or weren't there? No no In fact
In fact, I think he said it yesterday that
I'm not and apart from that he said it and they leave
to know things that not even their own people know
colleagues on that topic of course I
I hear people talking like this, I say, let's see what's going on
to do Marta Because of course This is
tremendous eh to me It seems to me that it has been
This is what we do
as I have never been told no
stay there because they are going after her
The footprint doesn't last even a day
but she has put herself in the mouth of the
luo you will see Yes but you are telling the truth
What? Come on, no, darling, they're going to take you.
talking all the time to you I would defend myself
perfectly I think Marta does too
But of course there are things that are lies
they are going to
tackle the problem
Queo Matamoro He already said that he should tell the
true because if not we are going to
teach So you do it with the truth you
you don't have to be afraid to go to
nowhere clear you know what's going on
that the purpose of all this is to
Marta is returning to the media Yes and The
toll that you will have to pay for
Being in this environment is going to be very high for me.
I think he won't be able to handle it
I am convinced that it is not
hold it yes yes it holds it yes it holds it
Hold on, I don't see it as so drastic because
I don't see it as so drastic because
If you go with the truth, you will not be
They can't catch you or corner you.
nowhere, no matter how much neck they want
I'll do it here in the debates, you tell me.
go here in debate with youtubers I am
Here chill and quiet for the same reason no
You realize, Javi, that they are turning it around.
You can give me all the way around what
You want, but if it's a lie, it's a lie.
Marta has already been caught several times
contradictions are worth it because every time
tells the things that embellish them
problem that you have It is not that what is
telling is a lie is that you embellish them
So the ornaments sometimes distort
a little bit of history and that's it on the one hand
and on the other hand
Hey, they want Marta's story.
take to focus it from the point that
We all know clearly and they want
square it with that of Ros Carco Claro by
that's what Maria Patiño said you continue
protecting it you keep protecting it with it
Theme of the posters Clear because it
they want to take it to that side and and and damn it
you see, that is, you see the intentions in the
moment in which the two people who
They are doing the interview, they are friends
Rocío Carrasco's are here for you
asking some very questions
directed are getting your response
that is not perhaps what they are
wanting to listen to return to
redirect and they are all the time
insisting on the same thing so that the
Marta's story matches Rocío's
[ __ ] if it is white and in bottles that
I don't know where you thought you were
you were really putting Marta and
You think they're going to turn around?
Marta is going to
do what they want I don't know it is
that we are putting it in a way
wrong Sister Cotilla if we ask ourselves that
The question is not whether Marta is going to
to twist or not because of course you raise it
like what Marta and Antonio said
David has always been the truth And if
Now he says the opposite would be twisted
no And if suddenly there are things that are not
truths and they have not told them badly and they have not
is that it will go wrong but now it
Trinca bar is going to say listen to me then
then she will look like a liar
Sure, sure. Well, but it's for love. You don't.
you would lie for
my
Atir pious but it is not a crumb
pious
colleague first why are we talking
of a very serious subject and the second because
in the profession that she exercises, saying
the truth is
fundamental not so much because M Patiño does not
He doesn't tell the truth, not even to the doctor, and look at her.
opinion if you want to have credibility
in that case
catching in such serious lies
[ __ ] no but look clearly they are
things that you know is that clear it is
that martan no clear but of course it is that yes
It's a lie, they're going to catch you earlier.
eh in the
life or wants a job because he looks at the
Patiño has no credibility but
work Yes of course that's it there it was
Well then, well, you will have to put in
your scale what you actually want
because the feeling that everything is not going to
power to be no. Of course I have that topic.
I had it solved in my
I had that topic in my head
completely solve in my head
but when I saw this clip that I
They have sent it to me, Pili has sent it to me no
to prepare directly from a kiss our
Pili who prepares our live shows every day
the nights that I expot when I have seen myself
That clear click stayed with me like this and I say it's going to
raise this issue no longer, no longer that Maria
Patiño whether they condemn her or not
because he assured that there was a trial
Well, maybe someone has come to him.
María Patiño who I imagine will be the
defense of her and told her there is a
judgment trust me Maria Mojate Adcar
Conjo told him there is a trial, get wet
that I have the judgment
not on Monday, that is, on Monday it will be
It's going to be very
powerful [ __ ] dude Well that would be like
that is denied, gosh, my goodness, it would be stupid.
very
big mm Well now that we are now
that we are with that If you agree I'll go
to skip the clips of what we were going to
see about the interview and there would be
I prepared a small one
compilation Of course we talk about what
that Martha save me from what she has done to him
to Martha and Martha save me and so and so no
that in fact María Patiño said yesterday
man is that you have to let it
that we return the ball to you is like
Marta has done well, you and then
I have made a small compilation here
If I forget something, please tell me.
what is supposed to save me has done to him
To Marta Because of course there are people who
sells like But how Now you're going to
work with them with everything you need
have made it clear So if I forget
You say something, okay, but I want you to
go on saying if you think that
better be unforgivable as to
Now I can't work with them, okay?
This is Marta Riesco Marta Riesco was
sent to a site by Ana Rosa does not stop
do an interview and catch her there
Quique Calleja and good for the interview
to her and then they hook her up for a
fight with Anabel
Pantoja And remember forgiveness, forgiveness
that you told my aunt that there is
witnesses for you are already sued
You are already sued Jorge The only thing that
I wanted to tell you that Anabel is funny
that I get up at 5 in the morning
tomorrow no, that too, that too you will go
having to prove in court that
Jorge has threatened you, the only thing that is now
that I am with you entering yes I am
I would like to respond to what you said
Anabel on the low as she always does
how low I get up at 5 in the
morning It's that for me getting up at 5
in the morning for me it is an honor because
I am in this program in the program
by Ana Rosa by myself you By whom
are
there to be there you are going to tell me why
you have not been if you have tried to enter
10 years ago on TV sitting with
the one with the passion of hawk with your
Mother, you have loved the TV from a long time ago
a long time come come to me Air
argument Anel Pantoja Of course I am
here for being Pantoja but if not, I won't.
I don't defend it, they don't like me, okay? And
You know it yourself but come on Take me to
wherever Take me to Hamburg wherever
want Hamburg to Hamburg
Strasbourg wherever you want, not wherever you want
Justice, you a bench like your aunt
here to jail
manillo but let's see what a manquillo said
like your aunt
the camera which camera is the three not the
three you are not a bench like your aunt
has said What is this no good no me
is seeing then why look at the
camera that sees you that sees you no but it doesn't me
You see, I see worse, I don't see him, I'm sorry. Look at you.
I'm going to say a nice little thing that
be very happy with your boyfriend and continue to follow you
getting up at 5 in the morning and that
have a lot of health, a lot of health for
live that life to the fullest
Happiness you Take me wherever I want
I will sit where I have to sit
Don't even touch my aunt because you will.
You played in Seville, it's worth getting one.
interview okay so shut up with me
aunt who has a lot of beautiful malaba a lot
bad baba to enter into singer and and
be on the 31st and com ok This was the fight
with that for me I don't know what you think
You defended yourselves terribly and Marta gave you
h in pal to see me it gives me the feeling that
that this anger already came from before, that is
I want to tell you yes, yes, it comes from before
Anabel is being sued because she said that
Marta in a
just from the couch But that demand is true
Hey, that Marta taught me that, huh? Yes.
yes yes yes yes I believe it but it is also
It is true that Marta said it and said it in
the interview, that is, we all listened to it
The other day they asked him about isapi
He said I don't know who it is but if you need it,
I become her friend, dude, yeah, I mean, you're
making friends with a person and you are
getting into a house and a family
eh For that exclusive So I
I understand that this family does not
wants to know nothing about you, it seems to me
very L To see to see to see to see but that
It's one thing to put it that I am me and I have
the opportunity to interview David
vival and for that I have to do it
friend of
Bustamante has been my job, I don't
I'll have to go approaching whoever it is
getting in touch wherever you can
It's not that he's throwing things in your face
that I'm staying there is like what
So, what have you always wanted?
TV that you went to the contest with
pas And what if he likes watching TV or
be me to me or be in the sense that
that she wants the TV, eh, that Marta has
Dear TV, I think it's very obvious.
which is very obvious and I don't see anything wrong and no
I see nothing wrong with him wanting to
be famous in that in that I want TV
I don't see anything wrong but don't deny it but
If you don't deny it, don't deny it. That's what you deny.
yes he denies it has come a thousand times that
she no longer wanted to be famous, she already was
Journalist Dana Rosa did not need the
fame Ah well I referred you to the character
but he liked watching TV
has always been present at the singing
I don't know if it's a big brother
to
Nothing bad box or so that's clear
He likes TV but hey, life
who is famous or
Big Brother no because when he was with
Antonio David was offered everything and he didn't
wanted eh neither survivors nor great
brother or anything Now that I know but I
the survivor theme that always
I said that she was very stupid not to
take it but I have always said it very
clear to me the only reason why
I do not welcome those things because this is not
dared to leave Antonio here and go
three months to
Honduras but come on, I'm the only one who's clear
warm when Olga doesn't
eh that could have gone in the edition of
Olga Of course, but what is this?
He was going to Honduras and leaving the other
here because he doesn't trust normally, well that's it
first and foremost
apart from that it makes sense to reject I don't know if
were 40.00 turkeys weekly around 400
weekly turkeys let's go I'm going in a thong to
Honduras but it's not like I'm walking
I think for 400 bucks
Crazy weekly rejects that which he does not have
sense none What happens is that I was
Enochs ima Enochs ima and he didn't leave
that when I returned I didn't know what was going away
find trust in that relationship
had been conspicuous by its logical absence
also between I don't know what I'm not going to leave
I go to Honduras and when I come here
huro doesn't make sense But well in this
meaning that is, Anabel here is pathetic
Marta gave her this on the palate and Anabel
He's talking nonsense and on top of that he tells him what
from your aunt to the bench like your aunt
What's going on What's going on has gotten into him
disrespected your aunt has not
said nothing bad to your aunt has told her that
He sat on the bench, it was not
convicted was not in jail no that
it has to be a lie or that
has defamatory esteel could have
answered by your boyfriend too that
has a lawsuit for the seizure of assets
and he didn't know how to answer you are
saying nonsense, no, let's see, but whatever
You are arguing with Anabel, it doesn't matter.
nothing that her aunt put in at that moment
true I mean if you are arguing with
that person focus on that
don't take [ __ ] from the family
Of course, don't answer that sometimes he didn't know how to
answer that I was given that
The quick response happens, let's go. Of course.
but Anabel was the one who put the
Aunt also said you came closer to
interview Mio Good point Consuelo is
It is true, of course, that Met the family and
No
mark in an absurd way because you say Y
what do you want clear
what a silly, nonsense, well this
nonsense out eh about the sink that
then he talked a lot too No
Yes, it leaves the bathroom a mess.
because it's all covered in makeup
clumps in the sink on the tap not it
clean and we are here for two hours without
being able to pee at least cleans what
dirty the situation has reached such an extent
with the journalist of the moment that the
colleagues have started to take it seriously
They're having fun and have decided to send Indira to him
know if Marta Riesco understands that she
is not the owner of Mediaset
day we were there we hit him in the
door a sign that p Russian program
Okay
This, this has she mentioned, eh? I don't know if
it
mentioned Marta Riesco's program
Marta Riesco's dressing room mentioned it
but I don't know if it's true or not but
They answered him that the first ones
who made that kind of jokes because
They were fed up with her
occupy the bathrooms for their selfies and
to put on makeup and so on were those of his
own action Eh
Yes, damn, but what bathroom do they have?
you can't put on makeup there
not quietly but it was going
making rounds apparently he was going
testing the bathrooms, come in ...
I'm here in the mirror No, I don't know.
but what a good thing anyway, nonsense
lest she count it as a
drama of Ah is that they even put me a
sign on my on my chain there the bathroom of
Marta rco good joke No daughter Calm down No
No, but it was because it was done a lot
selfies and lots of videos Marta was there
in a situation that looks like that
you would look at it and see that it was bullying, that it was
Marta looked at everything, but I'm getting
based on reality, it is worth it or so
nonsense, not nonsense for me they are
nonsense nonsense okay What happens is that
In the end that is what Consuelo said in that
moment if she is wrong no you don't see it
the same from the same perspective O
whether you are at that moment
feeling like everyone is attacking you
It's you against the world
constantly everything that happens to you
You see it as huge, everything super big
Of course what I'm getting at is the topic of
[ __ ] is that Marta how are you going to
forgive How are you going to work with them
I don't know what we are just reviewing a little bit
things that were done to him Not the most
relevant that are like the let's see what you
They did nothing else to Marta then
but it's not that we say it
we is that I have said or rather but it is
that she said that Javi said that
by
she I mean it's not that I'm saying it
I from outside yes not said by her this
Sein Ferrer disguised himself as
She, eh? Well, just like she's dressed up.
of all there has not been disguised as the
Potota has dressed up as everyone
I would like him to be Fer Rem imitated.
hae one day no no but it wasn't for
disguise himself but for what he did with it
test stick
bug, well yes I will do it, surely I will
that
I know what would make me This is the one
I see it maybe a little heavier
see how you see it Well then in
One of these days I'm walking down the halls
As always, I find myself at a distance from Tele5
editor of Sálvame with whom I had
confidence and that I considered medium
colleague half friend and I say to him Hey I say the
report of the rosemary this one that I
Did you imagine I lived with a
constant fear of seeing what they would invent
I used to say about me in my town what
shame on my family you know they are
from there eh I don't know, I mean I was with
That tense report But not because of me
but [ __ ] for my mother you know what it is
which is the people of their life of their
origins of my grandparents and I was like
a little embarrassed to see what
They have asked them to see what they are doing
saying the neighbors to see if anyone
They've made a mess, I don't know. That is, I
I was with that tension then I
I found this Sálvame editor through
the hallways and I couldn't hold back and I told him
Hey look, I mean, why didn't it air?
because my report was not broadcast
From El Romeral such eh what has happened and me
says with a pair Well nothing that the
directors and such have seen it and
coordinators and how they speak well of you
the whole town is not interested
put it So they have passed on putting it
because the whole town speaks super well
of you of your
family That is the
level level girls and boys Those are
some of the things that happened That is
the save me seal of course that was going to you
say but it is that if they speak if you have
found that they say good things
You could put no, you don't believe that in that
moment they were going to put that Javi no I mean
They are not going to the people to be told
Marta's beautiful things are going to that
people to see if they find dirty laundry
about Marta yes yes good things are said no
They are interested, of course, but the thing is that
work with them of course when Jorge
Javier stood in front of the camera and
calling her stupid, uneducated and all that
Looking at the camera Hey, what do we have now?
but well this this This is what I
I see the worst thing
The truth is that this doesn't surprise me and
[ __ ] is
What a [ __ ] But your boyfriend until he
They did the same with the rest of
the people and
Of course you weren't pulling your hair out, it's just that
It seems that we have memory of the
motel for what we get out of the
noses Well she's been with Antonio
Antonia was working there many times
months in fact man I don't know if
It would coincide with the channels being already
with her I don't know well it's that today she said
María Patiño and Lidia Lozano that
They passed on the super information
prepared for him to give it to him
channel one of them Marta so that the
They will say save me, Patiño said it, eh?
Yes, it says if you have the news because the
You passed everything prepared and to the other
companion whom I do not want to name compo ha
said and another partner that I don't want
name yes who it will be I don't have nor
another partner I don't want to think about
name Me too
staying Well then there is this not the thing about
clown that this good This is it
men goes to receive please ger
chase after
clown had unforgivable This was when
the birthday no yes yes she wrote
until this I have not been one of the
saddest moments I have ever lived
humiliating
Okay, I threw up in the bathroom, I came out ready to
go home and cry m I couldn't stand that
humiliation, I don't know, it's a little humiliating
not in the sense of being embarrassed AND
such But working There no
No, but not from the FR, let's see.
I understand that it is already accumulation Javi
Because you take the things we have
I've been seeing the isolated shots and you say
Well, okay, it's not that big a deal, but when
It's one and another and another and another.
I understand that in the end no but and the
Marta's statements in front of the
two saying no if I laughed and when
you did it to others but of course when
It was my turn. Of course you can say that.
because because it is frank because it is the
truth is frank but then girl
Well, if it's your turn, it's your turn.
that you laugh when you did it to others
not when they did it to
other clown stuff is nonsense too
Okay, and then we have this which was another
of the afternoons, that is, this is the other one
another occasion when I saw that
They spent a lot that I have a video in
the main channel even here Jorge you
you are stupid or your level of stupid
reading comprehension where it is
Let's see here she was also putting
stories accusing him of harassment that would
to report the harassment you say
Also, listen to me, calm down a little.
let's use that term at first
I also tell you change because with me it is
They have said I [ __ ] a little on you
mules I'm criticizing you see me here
Jorge's attitude seems pathetic to me and
unfortunate but not very different from
the one that María Patiño had today with
Olga, eh, she's left her like like
simple and like silly eh careful Ho with
very good words but he has left her
fatal indeed, or so I have told him
as very pompous But he wanted
come to say that Olga is very simple and
that you can't have a conversation
with her because she can't do more, eh
Be careful, it's very long, it's very long, eh? No
Let's see, I'll look for it, okay, while
you comment on living with the pain that
we hope j
with z it was nourished with z of
Vázquez turns out that
I write an article
I can't find it because it's not there
the transcription
still giving my opinion and putting it
green the truth is you were pleased
I say more or less for half a set and I take it
meeting for the
hallways and I say from a distance: Hey Marta
How are you? How are you? Come, come, come, my daughter. What
You expected me to tell you that it was nourished with z
Well, as an otter with a z, just seeing you
that he would tear in front of the dressing rooms
two nice girls by the TV factory
Well, don't worry, Marta Riesco.
You know what we're going to do when we arrive
At this point I think the chain has
to make decisions And then if
has a presenter who harasses a
a writer I think the best thing is that
the presenter leaves until
say that thinking I denounced
by
You can't either, I'm going to sue you.
Oy for harassment t is with that
many of what she said at the end
you say Thank goodness they sat you down
listen to you with all that a little is worth
And this, if I'm not mistaken, is the
last this was the last one Well I
I think this is the last of Marta in
Tele5 doesn't do it
of crisa apera is the last thing is the
last not to see after
What do you think of this pee?
Look, there I think Marta was wearing
also reason eh I'm somewhat right there yes
that I see Marta Because I know that
In the images it was also seen as the
provoked
eh It's not all 100% the fault of
Marta What happened was that he messed up in the end
naming Borja
Prado is that or in what is the
provocation there is a clear provocation to
Marta but there should have been
been less impulsive at that time
because how are you going to ask Marta to be
less impulsive is impossible, they knew A
who were they provoking eh And in what
Marta's situation then
Of course because apart from that it is that from the plate
They told Cristina do this do that
another I don't know what
Of course, I'll be quiet for a second, I'll leave.
to look for the minute that more or less I think
that you found it Javi, okay, great A
see I don't know if there will be one
code Well, for example, there are many
things that when I went out on the street already
You know I've had some
little problems sometimes with with with
the rest of the journalists no and the rest no
Well, with the rest of the journalists I don't
I'm not a journalist in that or anything but I have
gone there to do the live shows no
and I have had a lot of communication
you have to have the same clear right
Well, but let's see, there are some codes that
You learn that you have it and so on.
that we have them here because they have
yours not For example you have to
You can't leave the buses first.
insert a camera through the
another in the end are codes of respect more
that nothing I don't know if rules or things are given
that are studied but I think they are like
unwritten rules and that have their
logic then I don't know if here I had
Marta is right, I arrived first and
They are attending to me and I have put
before you and me they are serving me
I don't have to give you anything because I know that you
speak to you or respond to you
also because I don't think Ortega
Cano and Gloria Camila would have told them
nothing to those of Sálvame also there is
take it into account but of course I don't know if
There is a saying that being the same
chain Because Marta was at a party and
they in save me that you have to
give priority to those in the live show
It would make sense that I said it, I think so.
that what more than one said
Sure time but record because you don't
They're going to pay attention, yes, I know what it's like
because when the Congress happened,
Golden that Marta was with Rocío and in and
In the photocall they connected with the party
Esma Garcia that Saturday, eh, I
agreement that the person in charge of the press said
Guys, let's give priority to Marta.
that is with direct and we had to
wait for the advertising to return from
advertising and everything and the others respected
that eh and then she moved away and
They asked the rest but they prioritized the
Direct from Marta eh At that moment
but it is not an obligation, it is a matter of
respect and education and almost everyone
managed the press who said it I myself
I guess I should have said it
What was the press issue at that time?
sales event There should be
said we are going to prioritize and such and there will be
organized more I think it was more of a mistake
of organization in that sense Of course
yes let's see
See, I'm working and what's happening?
because I'm working on
Marina saved
[Laughs]
At an event, Marta, focus on you, you are not the one
protagonist please be
discovering an event and it is believed that
she is the protagonist, that is, I am
Fando I'm working and what's happening?
clear to
See, each one has its part of reason, eh?
each one has its part of
right but also Marta of course you have
you were a little alarmed
to see your boyfriend the main war of the
your boyfriend's life right now the center
of your boyfriend's life is to fight with
These people, of course, Marta was at the
defensive constantly with what came out
haughtiness is clear that in the situation that
she was getting hit from all sides
I think I was defensive and
anything that between colleagues
would have solved it superb Of course
between when they heated up Cristina Porta and
Marta was on the defensive because
They say it exploded, it is what it is
in a short what they are looking for in a
short ostia yes it is true eh Wait that
It's here, huh
Look, thanks.
Isuka Olga Moreno scratch if there is nothing
because when I have spoken to her it is
that I don't want because I don't want to offend
but I promise you, or rather, no
is that you can't talk to her
wait because it's good how good We
liked and how we liked some Moreno
But you know why Because you know why
you know why Because we have stayed
I speak for myself because of the facade because it is
a stylish girl because she is a girl
who knows how to be but when you scratch I
I say that behind that you can't
have a conversation and I don't want to go
beyond because I don't want to offend
nobody but you are smart there are people who are
He knows how to dress well and how to sit well
and that has an offers an image and a
facade that you say oyster that has you
so much class and style and then
when I have spoken for 2 minutes It is that no
I want to offend but I'm not
saying is saying short does not stop
convince you and I'm not talking about others
topics and Antonio David is a fool
man by
God man, let's see a dream, no. Let's see
see on the part a very different thing It is
that a person can happen to you
I mean, I think you're the one who gets me.
Imagine if a YouTuber [ __ ] me.
of these sciences that there are The
Rodinger's cat or any of these
that they are super educated people
Super, let's learn a lot of science.
and astrology and a lot of
subjects that I probably don't even have
[ __ ] idea then surely if it is
begins to try to establish a
conversation with me about that because I
I'm going to be empty, I'm going to look stupid
I'm a fool man because I think that I think that
I'm not a fool, okay Antonio.
He's a stupid man, I don't think he's stupid.
that it is precisely
Colorado she says it because they are
people who don't have conversations
interesting hollow or rather is a person
hollow for him for her they are people
that as if they have not read they have not
formed as little as possible as it can
Be Belén Esteban, let's be clear.
I tell you and without
however not as it can be Bethlehem
Esteban no. I mean, what about Belén?
Esteban is a thousand times worse because he boasts
boasts of his lack of culture
I find it shameful because a
person for whatever reason has not been able to
studying is worth it and having less studies is
one thing but that you boast of your
Ignorance. That seems to me to be something else entirely.
different also has to be understood
personality of the people you maybe to
Olga you see her in her circle of trust and
has a looseness that she doesn't have when
a television dish goes no matter how much
You take the cameras Claro Look, I have things
What can I criticize Anton Orga? And such. But
You see, I'm not exactly a close friend.
of them and that he has been with them
vacation or anything like that but man I have
I've been with them for a while and man
I, stupid, wouldn't say they are some
I've met stupid people
silly and I think they are not some
silly people and I have met people who
confuse the terms that are prudent
Just because she's shy doesn't mean she's
silly Maybe she's smarter than you
maybe there in Plato
you started talking to him about the cables
of a quee of a I don't know what of a I don't know
how much for the best the woman No no no s the
people with junde not having studies with
being stupid and not being the same thing at all
Exactly, I don't consider them to be people and
In fact, Antonio David is the whole racket
that they have with Antonio David is because
manipulative that is how bad it is
It's very difficult to be a bad manipulator, huh?
that you control everything and how about And that it be
silly and whatever is that is that normally the
Manipulative people tend to be quite
smart, of course I'm not going to tell you
intelligent but if clever how much
less we go she that neither be
manipulative is that if you are
accusing of pulling so many strings of being
pending on everything, controlling everything that
There are some things that are like that because
Anton is very aware of everything that
It is often said of him that
better not to tell him he'll tell you
to you to see if you let it go, I don't know what
There are things that are worth it, I'm not going to tell you.
deny but he is not a stupid person No
Now that it is one, let's go, it is a person
which also has a lot of street
tour of this world of television
total a lot of night a lot of things that are not
a person that you talk to and
say [ __ ] wow wow wow brother-in-law eh what
He doesn't even know that there is a pool
with a covered roof You know there are people
that you take it from a village and you
Damn, this guy doesn't even know how to talk to me.
They understand, he is not a stupid person, damn it
is a person who has to have world
No, well, in fact on television it has
endured all the years that he has
endured Tto will have nothing I say and
the interest it has aroused and how
the caches said that he has been paid to
Antonio David who says no no if you give it to him
person because he is because he is a person
educated and dresses well and such and But
you scratch and scratch damn what but come on
I don't see María Patiño the most, the most
long of the class would make you talk about
quantum physics with it because we are going
clo what the hell would he talk to you about, what does he say?
She who tried to scratch him
tried to scratch that he didn't talk about what
Damn, I tried to talk to him and this is it
saying the feminist of building you know
No, maybe he tried to get it out of him.
something and the other one played dumb go away
you to
knowing was Civil Guard is needed
I studied for the Civil Guard
primary I understand that maybe not but
what study to become a Civil Guard
read the Spanish Constitution to you
laws all do not have studies the
Civil Guards, my goodness. Yes, but in
the years in the years
80 already had the Constitution and the
my laws
of study you need to have to enter the
true no
I know that you have the basic studies
can you make a dareol dareol a kiss
handsome dareol when you come you bastard
dareol is in the group and passes by
We, eh, he doesn't even talk to us or anything, eh
Ray has not come even once
kiss Welcome to all who come
From dareol, a big kiss
handsome I hope it went well
direct man I here the truth has me
It seemed like an exaggeration on Maria's part
yard
tremendous tremendous when they try
degrade someone say whatever and they
are so
Panchos have always bothered me.
them when you put Jorge's clip
Javier who is finally coming
to say exactly the same thing as Maria
Patiño but they have said it with words
very
different the same host are
calling both of them stupid
Javi Yes but so you can see that the
forms change change it
but you're calling them both stupid
and you're saying it now but it's not the same
that you have 1 kilo of iron in you
foot than a kilo of
straw but it is analogy Z Gossip But
How could it not be the same as what I threw at you?
A kilo of herb K is equal to 1 kilo.
but it's different, don't bother me, why?
damn a kilo falls on your foot, you get it
break it be it of p or be it of iron or be it of
chocolate is an example in that example in
concrete
In that specific example, the iron
It does more damage but because it is harder it is not
by weight Of course but if it is a kilo
per ha more
damage but well I don't think I can
do more damage or less damage if piece it
the same hole falls on your foot Tec
equals 1 kilo of iron in the head or 1
kilo of straw that you hold better the same
go on, it's not the same but for
The hardness does not hurt because of the weight, he says, but
let's see 1 kilo kilo 1 kilo to me speak it
c in 1 kilo I disappear I disappear from
here for at least 2 years, well, plenty of time
eh of María Patiño and also m skated
skidded well notice that coming back
getting back to this
and resuming this thing that we are messing up
Lili because we have put a topic of by
You can take out half of Olga Moreno's Lili from me.
apart and we resume This is worth it eh that today
A very curious thing happened, now we see
we draw conclusions from what happened with Sálvame but
Notice that something very happened
curious today on Ana Rosa's show
in the afternoon which is the talk of the town
Twitter right now and I think it's the
a topic that they're going to talk about tomorrow on Sálvame
Voyeur and with more companions I suppose that
I also don't know what the hell it's about, okay?
outside and here there is a man recording in
the bathroom eh her boss recorded her in the bathroom
from the goria ah eh indeed these
four women are four of the women
that this man can silence
moment is worth Until the moment comes
Okay, so this is news.
Alicante that they are employees and the
boss so and so And then here on the east side
boy, okay, as you can see, he's from the
are
Solely of course, you trust the ballot
And then the one with son sole starts to
interviewing connects live too
You see here we are talking about the
direct Of course but what happens if
the live shows are different here, Ana.
Rosa has
pissed off Sorry Sorry forgive
Carolina excuse me for a moment Hey there
a colleague there who is from another chain
I beg you to step out of the shot because
I have never seen this in my life
In life, many times some people
Hey, if you want to become famous, that's fine.
but it seems to me that there are certain
attitudes and certain practices that
Seriously, I haven't seen it at all.
years of my career eh Not everything goes
comrades, eh, not everything is worth it
Hey, you tell me, now I'll tell you.
I think the other one stayed on the side
of the kid who is live on the other side
talking to the other one no no he is not
Of course it must also be live
It is clear that both are at the same
time with the same live screen
so the girl stays with him. Of course.
Of course he wants me not to do this live show.
That is to say, basically a has been marked
Ana Rosa has taken advantage of the opportunity to
give it to him that not everything is worth it Not everything is worth it
like let's see, listen to me
not like saying on the other site no
what we were saying is famous
before poor organization or
poor management [ __ ] the program is very
long or so you can
issue the connection at times
different That is, there is no need for the
situation that has been experienced the truth
It's the fault of those there because you
You're warning that Hey look, I'm coming in
then you I don't know what I don't know how much and
they agree with him
only he is a thousand times when he is with
They start talking on the street
I come first then you don't know and stuff like that
Noar things could be done perfectly
But if this is the most logical problem
I am the guilty one who I see here.
The cameraman was to blame for that
you take a shot by putting in the shot the
of are soles and surely the one of are
soles is not taking you out on the plane to
Dana Rosa and is only taking out
he with her with with this girl and
outside I don't know we have images of the of
They are sun, it is true that they are suns
we would love to but I wouldn't love to
but I haven't thought about it if anyone does
Does anyone have any images from this?
please send it to me okay because but
We are sure that they are just a cide
took out a plan putting the other one in the
another one at the other end I don't believe it to see and
That is to say, at the beginning the cameraman didn't care either.
I was taking him out because if you give
account is only lifted on the shoulder
What happens is that later he opened the plan and
that opened the plane entered
but it seems like a photo
from a camp
that's what the
camera is clear that roso caught it
after and and he when they connected in
he directly touches the girl
It was they who found the
graes did you find the recording Yes like that
And then Ana Rosa says no to everything
Okay, not everything is worth it, what is not worth it
They stop for you, let's see what it is not
Okay, on top of that he says if he wants fame or if
he wanted fame or whatever, yes he is getting it
blaming the kid when The kid
is doing exactly the same
work that your reporter or is for me
There was bad communication there and that's it
Of course, well, Kiko Matamoro has put it
Not everything is worth it, for example plagiarizing
hoard
etcetera and yet María Patiño is
that this one has to leave Twitter
It is true that it is
Not all my support for Ana Rosa will be there
I wanted to look good, you know
and he has not even managed to come to an agreement
It takes is that it is not that you know what
She in her mind will have said I'm going to put
a tweet to give me the clues
objective so that you see that there is no
rivalry, so that they see that I am not
I let myself be carried away by the Ros that
we have you know It should be looked for
Someone to take Twitter for him because every
every time you open that she writes something up
the uncle bread with the Twitter Maria patino
it's tremendous
Uncle without capitalizing the surname
eh That turns me on Euro that gives me a top that
It gives me a top but with Twitter it is
very complicated to find a tweet of
María Patiño in which she doesn't put her foot in it
for h or for b or that is, it is very difficult very
difficult I think I think he will take it
Twitter at a time when it is
relax at home at a time that suits you
she catches me distracted or whatever and
no process
Don't look for the moment when she does it
It is so if you do it in the program in
direct is not going to do it in or rather all
the days can't be that you p in your
home
relax with the great video you have
done in the main let's go now you're going to
question Twitter that was
doing at such a time Well of course
no no no yes yes yes no but Twitter the
Twitter there are many moments eh there would be
to dedicate a video only for that
It's from Twitter and it talks to you but it's just that
I wouldn't know how to explain the truth to you.
as if suddenly she gives him a vein
I want to see what he's thinking.
you know how wanting to do what you think
Yeah
like your reflections and your so and so all of me
support know how to see trust begin
They start the season with afternoon tea
tarry taking for granted to tarry tarry
don't let them come and throw them away with the afternoon and
Now all my support to Rosa but if she does
For two days you were all giving it to him
I take out a pink one because tomorrow tomorrow it will be
will give an account and tomorrow in the live
Ana Rosa will be throwing him and of course
It is clear that you are. You are.
throwing Rosa and made that precisely
has been a
a blunder on Ana Rosa's part, yes
You go and say everything. You support me, but AC, kid.
another one who is there I mean you Imagine that
I am in one of these that I am in the
door of such and such and me and and and and and says or so
but this is as if you throw the mosquito into the
this mosquito
you can't throw away mosquito wing
You know it doesn't make sense, well, the topic
What do you think? I don't know if I left something out.
For me the two most serious things have
this has been perhaps not what they have
spoken well of her in the village and not
publish it and the fight with Jorge
For me, the worst thing about Jorge Javier is
Yes, for me the most serious thing is Jorge's case.
What happens is what I tell you that
end if you take the things
isolated most of them do not have
importance and surely in another
moment of his life This would have been
bald but of course if they catch you one
moment when you have a lot accumulated
in which your emotional situation is not
the most suitable one for your situation at home
It is not even if you are
selling from doors out like that
Yeah
eh I am of the thought that
when a person is constantly
saying how happy she is in love
that it is and and and that it is the best moment
of your life when you have the need to
say it every 10
minutes
bad but that she is anyway
Monday will tell you that all this Well because
It was at that time but who sees it
now and I see it once
nonsense already because he has already said that
Now the bird fits And now it fits
He sees all this as he sees it
but in reality you see it as serious
You'll see it as nonsense, right? What Jorge said, yes?
the other thing about the town no because damn it no
They are going to put something against you, it is not something
so that you
Saying no is something for you to say no no
go
I think it is more serious that you are freer
call me I think it is more serious that you
call her a stalker, tag her
National Police, I see that as more serious.
that these things if we put ourselves in a
I see it as more serious, but oh well.
See It's that the thing she has with
I'm looking for a tweet that was just sent to me.
warn him to look at the move she has
with those of Sálvame El Ay I'm not going to
work with the people from Sálvame no Or how do you
You happen to talk to the people from Sálvame.
It's good that she was from Antonia
I saw Antonia's girlfriend but in the
moment you are not Antonia Vi's girlfriend
in ca well you are not well with him let's say
H that unites you to
Of course you reject one
work proposal by this
people she doesn't feel that she
have personally harmed her or him
be but it's that O well yesterday I think it was
Yesterday I heard the same thing about Olga
It's not that Olga doesn't owe anything to that one anymore
Olga's family doesn't owe anything to that
family now forgetting what they have
done with that family you feel that
you have been hurt
because then I wouldn't come back if I
I feel like they did it to me, it's that
If they hurt me, it's because they hurt me.
They do harm then I ask that Jorge
Javier is not there when I go to deliver
a check that's what he did because
I was very hurt with him
presenter but at that moment Yes of course
at that time but now they are already
things for what they had done to her
or to his family, to his family, to his
husband I don't know in
every moment but at that moment
she was no longer She was separated from
Antonio David lived under this in the same
situation that is now was the same
roof and maybe had
hopes too It is true that with the
Time things are not seen the same way
way to say Sure you can have
a grudge against a person but you don't
It hurts, of course, it is not the same as
the end is to keep the distances of
you in your place, me in mine, we're going to be
professionals let's work that the
pain you feel at the moment you or
It may be two years later, nothing at all. I think
that Olga's thing is going to be a
I think it's going to be my friend's turn.
Jorge Javier to confront Antonio
David turned in what sense in that in that
She's going to become better friends with Jorge Javier.
and he's going to treat him more, that's going to happen
with or or is going to speak badly of Antonio avid or
I don't know the truth but I think that
Olga hints Maybe talk
It's not a reality show. Okay, but it has
a daughter with him before I think he will
Marta does not do Olga
Hey, I hope Olga goes strong, strong.
as a mentee because he will have a very
difficult no longer is no longer a question of what
whether you speak or not is how you react or
Olga, don't react to what you can
find It's that I think that if he doesn't speak
nothing will be of interest to him
spectator also do not notice what he said
Jorge Javier wanted to make a comment here.
I wanted to make a note
note that I wanted to comment on it today with
You, I believe that the being is already in
he
subsoil
but but and you'll see how it's going to be
happen the person who is going to give it to you
final blow is going to be Marta riesco
Marta risks turning around
we said it again
everything is that Marta of course is that Marta does not
I was in the same situation but I have my
Olga's doubts, yes it is true that of course
That's what unites them And that's what it could be
that I don't know all my life, no, of course
That's for life, but let's see.
I don't know the truth, of course, of course.
That's what I'm saying, it's not what Olga is talking about.
is that Olga is not going to talk about anything AND
nothing that people expect is
how she reacts to what they say to her
a Sofia and they will tell her
eh very
strong the first one who is going to mess with
Ol has to be very strong-minded to
endure That's true, but what are you going to do?
answer you are going to defend
Come down, because there is no greater best.
contempt that has no appreciation that
Say it, okay, whatever you tell me, it will be fine.
Well, you'll be right, she doesn't have
to defend anyone right now
Of course she has to defend herself
If they accuse her of what she
They accuse her, of course, and she has to defend herself.
same look at what they say that if it will have the
support of the blue tide is that there is no more
such a blue tide I create the blue tide now
Antonia is not here, she spoke out a while ago
an hour about the interview we are going to
listen to what he has said
speaks out about the sea interview
with the channel repeat and do the same thing and
They propose another documentary by someone else
that has been like
I said sharing my life as a couple and
as a result of this, those collaborators who
They are on the plate and end up giving their opinion and
arguing
and what is left clear is
that I am his enemy, I am his greatest enemy
I am a person to a
They destroyed it on Tele5 with
all that documentary and now on YouTube
And in this DTT they continue with
the same with the same modus operandi
Okay, let's stop and start commenting.
here because of course this phrase has made me
significant result no That is if you
Hey, you've done it on a heart program.
a lot of programs eh according to him
defines as destruction But well I
I'm not going to give you that definition. But
If you make a lot of programs
heart airing dirty laundry talking
someone's evil or whatever, defaming someone
someone then you can't If you get to
YouTube no and
you continue talking about that same person
is legitimized is not legitimized
because of course by that TR rule
I understand that we are left without
content here but your channel
He has done it, he has not been on the program
and is criticizing the
I don't think there are any other enemies.
no doubt There are no cross-claims
There are a lot of things going on that I believe
that Antonio David is also afraid of
Marta or I don't know the
true that comes out to answer something because
I thought it wasn't even going to happen
pronounce on pue
and I think he will try to stop her from
some
way this is a this is a Man for
that Marta will be shorter on Monday
Don't worry, he's not going to let anything go.
clear to say It's not that they put me
They destroyed it there on TV and now as
They are not on TV, they come to YouTube and
they continue is like uncle, that is to say the
summary of this
is the harassment or harassment campaign of
defamation furies of slander eh And the
incitement to hatred and most importantly
of all of him through his opinions eh
pose a series of questions to people
attitudes about me with respect to
different people where implicitly
in those reflections in those opinions
They make it clear as I say, eh
attitudes about me that are absolutely
false ones that attack my honor that I
They defame and of course they obey
I do know what he has said about what they have
said so far you have seen
any violation of honor or possible
I feel that it is a violation of honor
crying to Marta so that she doesn't speak yes
that is giving all that
sensation the plural the plural I
Many insinuations. The truth is yes.
notions Elmo way that what of it
what was seen until now have returned
they have probably returned the same way with the
They have come back exactly the same
eh I'm going to say it So there are accusations of
crimes celebrated in media trials
and they are condemned, eh, that is to say,
They condemned that there are many people who are
on Twitter saying no no but they don't
They convicted him of defamation.
for the dismissal we will see is the first
sentence that I see of a dismissal where
He says he is fired where they do it
pronunciation not only to honor but
that the amount is for
for three more or less for good for
four and five of the of the of the
the inadmissibility or the condemnation if not
I'm mistaken in my memory, it was 32,000 for the
inappropriateness and
150,000 for honor for honor
right to honor for those of you who are
saying that he will not condemn them for that
probably a media trial
can do much more damage
that a trial in a court of law is more than
nothing taking their words as
the polarization that the documentary created
of Rocío Carrasco in society Well, of
This way they continue doing the same thing
and they continue to be charged against him
with me knowing that everything that
were counting was absolutely
lie and how they presented it to the
society through a means of
communication a staging where
made it clear that their intention was
it was to see the public that they were
prosecutors and judges who are mediatically
through the use of mediaset
as a television channel of Tele5 and the
producer the television factory with
Óscar Corleo Adrián Madrid in front and
all the collaborators of Sálvame eh
were raising about me
Hey
a review is difficult
of
It is difficult to heal because this is what it is
Another demand, eh, that is directed at Marta
and what happens is that there is conation of
demand eh What happens is that
eh within that everything goes in the same
direction they are doing it seems to me
different way than they did it
again because he is not seeing
direct accusations are being seen
insinuations and are scripted
story to bring the thought of the
people or people's opinion towards
a certain path but there is no accusation
direct as there was at the time Then
not yet sueable That's why I have
asked before yet
demand or the insinuations are very
obvious are demandable clear the
hints are very obvious but I don't know
how far they have to cross
the limits of what is demandable are not, that is, not
I'm going to enter to evaluate because I'm neither
lawyer or jurist or anything then no
I don't know, but they are doing it.
in that sense different from how it is
they did the other time Or what they are
leaving is the insinuation That is, they leave you
There is the little seed so that later on,
everything accompanies the people too
They constantly allude to what happened
two or three years ago for people
ile things If it is the little seed but
too clear but that's not it
Okay
But from there to demand goes a piece
Sister, let's see the other time they were
saying that the judges made a mistake
work and they made a mistake and they had him
that they should have condemned and that it was violence
vicarious thousand here are not saying anything
neither of vicarious violence nor of
nothing
Well, there is vicarious violence.
There have been insinuations but of course but no
They have told you nothing about violence, they have told you
saying that he puts his daughter first
to not get wet that is completely
legal train to Marta to see if they can get
that I say they are leaving they are leaving
all the time insinuations and the
questions that are being asked to Marta
In the interview these two are very
scripted
obviously not and on top of that they tell him
you keep protecting him keep protecting him
so that I say no no no and Pumba no I think
to talk to if not if he didn't have a
channel dedicated to them, that is, him
simply with them it would have been the
demand And then on his YouTube channel
Well, it makes content, okay, but of course it is
which has a channel where also
attacks them I don't know if he has
used the term abuser A lo
better with Kiko Hernández with Jorge or with
I don't know any of these by heart
It sounds to me like yes, if not he at the men Jorge
Listen to the one from Badalona tell her how
The Badalona bd tells you that type of
nicknames and many things, so it is a
entire channel of many hours he also
dedicated to them So there we are
talking about a contest that in a
court takes into account that much
and with some collaborators with zero
filters clear or if you are me
Saying Maybe he did when he won
the trial Leo sentence said ta ta ta ta
what such an operation had to say
of light ta ta ta such that it had to
say such and such whenever
newsworthy but of course he even
yesterday his channel is and save me And what
[ __ ] the TV factory and now they do
in this and now they go for one and now
They go to two and now they go to
the three or rather I don't know, it's that this is
takes into account in played I'm not
saying neither to protect nor to justify
nothing that would surely be a demand
again in another context but of course
There is a war, no, I don't think so.
You can deny that there is a crossroads here
of insults and accusations and nicknames and and
speak ill of each other Anton
I spoke about the entire legal procedure
that they have are not charged for
They don't accept this on television
Spanish because they are criminals I don't know
what I don't know
how much
So I don't know when it will be.
Queretaro
actions would make a lot of sense
The truth is that they are not saying the
same things that we now have these
papers said we have these papers and
When the judges see the documentary they will
There is a trial That's why I tell you that the
hints are pretty obvious but
They are doing it in a way
different the difference is that it is him
accused a crime Well but he also
has accused them of many things or
be with what Carlota Prado did, he
sold as guilty without sentence and
Then you can tell me that it was my fault
whatever you want but there was no
sentence Let's not go into that, because one
yes you can, another you can't, you can't
never always, that is, I see here one
battle a war already I mean I don't know anymore
It is about nothing that can be dispatched
played from my point of view well to
You can see by power but of course by
power look today Pablo has won a
battle in the game between two YouTubers
that they insulted each other you can
wear what you
you want it would be ideal not to wear these
things
Of course I don't know, let's see another one.
Lawyers Antonio David are undermining the
emissions of which
we were going and of course they are not going to do it
they won't get it
Hey, I have who has who has to be there
watching all these videos the
Francisco eh And this gentleman that I don't
I knew who he was, I didn't know him
eh Well then I went in and I saw a
little bit of some information about what there is
eh on the internet about him about his work
about what he does and and obviously we're going
also to talk about this person
with the news I have here
about him talking about the del
plural chal que Ah what did he say
the plural exactly that the first thing
that I should have done
Marta the interview is to apologize to
Rocío Carrasco because she had
positioned on the wrong side of the
history but that said something about the
abuse no yes yes yes he has done it
said is yes
He said I don't know the truth I would have to
sue him not the program no but
I think that is a long shot, it is not going to happen.
to be I don't know I don't know it's going to be
sue How many people have talked about
he in that tone
a lot Well but there are a lot of people no
It means that someone can eat
the exemplary demand of the
Be careful, there are a lot of people doing it.
Something wrong doesn't mean it's right
done Let's see Look precisely today eh
I rescued this video and I'm going to show it to you.
sharing I had not prepared it But
well it has coincided
And of course, let's see, you can choose.
sue whoever you want or whoever you are
many people who may have been
said things and not the demands and other
people who will sue me and I hope that
What's happening with all this?
documentation that I can provide in
frozen prun continue I'm going to report to
this girl and we're done with this story
to everyone
reported I didn't know you were keeping
This audio that I knew and put in
contact cone at some point
No, but I did know because I knew
Because I've been saying it for 20 years, you know.
because that has never reported me well
made a Fury and a bad one
reply
There is something else I can say 2004 eh
[Music]
[Laughs]
m
listening
double is heard badly is heard
double the force by mouth much demand
a lot but no one demands it here
He threatens me saying that he is going to
sue for me to c I have waited to
I haven't received anything, he makes one
exclusive a week after I was here
He dedicates a whole page to me.
sir now for the
voyeuristic lev extreme of having to
to demand that I had precisely today
this video here because many times
When I find things I go to them
saving You know I said [ __ ] tail that
It's like I'm going to sue you, I'm going to sue you
I'm going to sue you. Of course I'm going to sue you.
to sue this one
of the defendant to no one but it is that
Look, it came to my mind with
this plural one that there was I don't know if
It was in 2021 2020 on Twitter that it was
from the Spanish blomper that he named him
some students telling you, man, that you are a
abuser and he responded to Antony
avid on Twitter and told him I'm going to
demand that it will come to you and said pu
Put what you want that you are a
mistreated you don't remember that I think
which was from Blomper of the Spanish Twitter
I have some video in
telesalseo
It's that in the end, in the end, I don't know how to see it.
If I were him, I would go cutting pla pla
pla but of course when the time comes that yes
you haven't cut off the SOS, so it's that
is that Cristina Cárdenas Not sued
There's one thing that doesn't fit me, huh?
is that some of the demands still
They are still seriously collecting TR
Years later they are still collecting
to
Cárdenas or Cristina Cárdenas How many
He has been telling the same thing for 20 years.
years because Isabel Ávila I still see him
I felt that you sued her because I
I think that Isabel Ávila's case, even if it was
true You can sue because you
you have to take into account that you have gone to bed
with me we have had procedures of
people who have slept with a famous person
yes he can't he hasn't gone he's counted the
They have sued and won, of course.
pee
Estrada and I don't know if it was an ant's forgetfulness
also or not there was a lot of
cases in which he won against ants I think
not unless you are a person who
You spend all day counting on who you are with
And with whom it is worth it I don't know
to what extent but man is that there has not been
to demand nothing more than that
sued this because it was the dismissal
inappropriate and that there has been
had because there was no other
because they went overboard with
the documentary that pisses you off that
they took the honor but damn it came out of the
dismissal
and all that but it hasn't come out
no further demands
Nobody, I don't know about Cristina Cárdenas.
I understand fear. The truth is, nobody, I for
That's what I said back in the day that I was getting off
of the ship and that when he spoke,
justice then you would have an opinion about
the sentence but it is already coming
a moment that is already that is that of
Cristina Cárdenas at what point did she not
demands there is a problem eh that no
demand
that and so that people too
know
eh the collaborators who have the
factory of the television noando and from
then that they don't go we'll see what happens
Cristina
Cárdenas that is demanded And if Cristina
Cárdenas cannot contribute anything
sentenced, eh, of course, well, that tape
that we just talked about we just talked about
talk about María Patiño and not
What is María Patiño like and what did she invent?
that the eh the
Damn, people's lives expire after 4 years.
but it expires after 4 years if the
Cristina has been here 2 years ago
talking the same thing again why not
demands to is me there are three or four So
that I would go suing because if not
Of course you say I'm not going to sue everyone.
reporters to all twitterers to
all of them but man if you don't go
obeying does not remain silent when they go
condemning Cristina Cárdenas to a
This is one to the other, people don't leave no
she is going to be
play well there is nothing else here yes
Paqui collaborator Antonia David you have
a lot of emoticons almost The bullet because of you
Kiko Hernández that I'm only going to tell you
devote
This is good of yours already
It is amply demonstrated why
You have a lot of newspaper archives that say so.
endorses how abusive he is
you are an abuser
media you have mistreated all the
women who have practically gone through
the program for the extinct sálvame listen to it
Okay, and now what you've done is
Well, because to you Kiko Hernández who
I'm only going to dedicate to you
This is what I'm telling you
here to see that I can agree
with his opinion on Kiko Hernández
I agree with your opinion on
Kiko Hernández but he has nothing to do with it
but dude on a channel of a person who
is denouncing to all of Spain that no
You can call him an abuser without
sentence you can't do that kind
statements you have to have a little
more of Careful, of course, man, but let's see
Let's see what happens here
What you're telling me is that you're not that
Antonia Av is not going to sue Kico
Hernandez neither Of course not but how
is going to sue him after
abuser aico hernáez without sentence
Exactly the same thing they have done with
Antonio David How are you going to sue if you are
doing it
I should see her quiet or something
because we are going
muted Of course, let's see if if not Or rather
Of course. Well, that's it, then you trust that
kik ná was one of those that I saw that
I could go for it because I say
Damn, Nandez tells you everything but without
hair is not going to sue anyone, that is
with Kiko Hernández could have had
route but with things like that, man
Legally, what I see here is that
He's not going to sue anyone because because and
and and we have seen it, that is, and and and, that is, there is
people who may not know what it's about
anime But you and I have seen it in
Javi's youth themes in the
moment in which there are crossings of
accusations will take everything for granted
ass that no Let's see you don't have to
go [ __ ] yourself, let's see if I
I tell you, you son of a [ __ ], okay? And you to
Now you answer me, you [ __ ] pig.
Okay
Well, you're answering me because you
I just insulted you. Okay, now if I insult you.
I say to you man, it seems to me like a
a little short and you open a direct and
You start calling me a pedophile abuser
I curse all the dead, man.
It is if you are telling me that there is no
consonance or rather I want to tell you it is not
proportional response to my attack but
It's that here they are saying the same thing
exactly here Yes that's why I tell you that
He's not going to sue, of course. No, he's not going to.
sue look what so many lawsuits were
so that Olga would be calm for a while
He was in Madrid just preparing
the demands preparing the
demands listen to me but the man takes
working in the office a lot of
time is not why it was already there
demanded half of Spain
[Laughs]
but to me the
Lawyer, I have to make the appointment, eh?
So that Claro can answer my phone.
but well yes In part yes that as you
They charged per hour at the time I remember
at the time when he began to create
the YouTube channel and that was it
the day at the buffet working in the
I made demands but it was a lie.
What are Maria's demands?
Patiño who is one who is the complaint
This is about this subject of this subject of the
posters And what other demands are there?
of this one that is already finished is not and
I had kico said sued and
everything is not saying if it has demand
I wouldn't have dedicated any to Kiko
Montes has dedicated a live performance to Jorge Ja
Jorge doesn't have demand either but
would have demanded a nickname no no
sued more no one has sued the
unfair dismissal AND
Thanks Cotilla, she is the best collaborator
I feel sorry for you both
Hey, he said it clearly.
we had
I myself am at no time was there any
look of nothing basically because it arrived
afternoon Ah This is what happened the other day
said the m Patiño well it is that here
They can lie about these people's phone numbers
broken is spectacular because suddenly
This is probably made up
Rocío Carrasco there were no looks I looked at her
fixedly anything we have already
seen on some occasion something for now of
tell it from one to the other until
Maria Patiño arrives and Maria Patiño tells her
puts his tint on my judgment No man
trial yes miral judicial room fy me
and what you can still give
understand with the looks completely
false but they should give the news where it says
that the judge considers that esam vi
continued in the
time is clear I have not always said it
we don't all know it, not in the end when
You go to a trial who has the
documentation because they are both parties No
If for my part I have not spoken with
María Patiño I understand that the judge
He must not have spoken to Maria either.
Patiño I suppose truth nor any person
that he was there in the courtroom I think
who are professionals in this and do not know
They are going to give Maria a patio a no
so that the one in the prt is then
Eh, what I mean by this is that in the end
It can be good because it can be, eh?
Be careful, I know of many leaks.
that have arrived or rather I have had
news eh from many people have leaked
Of course things, yes, but well, I understand.
which is probably not the case, eh? Or yes.
I don't know what they accused me of
once again it is demonstrated in time and
is that the other party is indeed
is in charge of giving news so that eh
journalists close to her do it
public and all media
clear communication obviously because it is
echo the news by explaining this
I'm clear enough about what I want
tell María Patiño from here is that
that exclusive that has given the
prove that I sue you, he will tell you
If you don't show it, what's wrong? Nothing will happen to you.
say I demand you to what he is going to say
I demand you, I'm seeing him, he's going to tell you
I demand that you do not prove it in the
courts will sue you and tell you
I demand that you have the credibility that
that he has had for so many years of career
Yes, that's going to say that I should flaunt it.
and that proves that the news that has
given is
[Music]
You know quite well about this, those of you who
you are there inside that program
in the end you end up giving you end up revealing
data that have occurred within a
hall
judicial and both Óscar Conjo and Adrián
Madrid as the director of your program
David Valeras and an entourage of up to nine
people are accused, it has nothing
that see a crime of disclosure of
Secret has nothing to do with it, as we know
Maria, I hope you have cards on your phone.
police among others
from tral that at the time in the program
You made it clear to everyone about Salvame
Spain that had the police record in the
mobile and you also wanted to show it and
dav told you not to
you did as I know you know it is
See the summary of the Daniel Sancho case
That has been broadcast on all television channels.
Now that is something that is common
There are some things there, of course, that already
I've said it and he's mixing apples
with verina It's that this doesn't have
nothing to do with it, it goes around in circles
say nothing in the end he will tell you that
will demand secrets if you know
enough of this crime Well I you
I invite Maria that once again neither
It's okay, just break the law and you're done.
dared to give news on the other side
I invite you to see the news of a
in its entirety, which is how it should be done
do and since you're jumping into the pool
go to the pool with the
information and gives the information
Inra, I invite you to go
Hey, forgive me, these are things that happen.
And then in the end but it is that
It's not as if it would be as simple as
say well mame has told someone that
I was in the living room. Well, look, she told me.
told me the lawyer of Roso Carrasco
It was told by Roso Carrasco Roso
Carrasco has been told by a friend and
friend told it to me, so of course
There is no secret there that is
reveal that that is not a secret
from a revelation of Secret one
Revelation of Secret is another thing
and it hurts him so much with everything that
They are telling you what hurts you. It is that
have said that he looked no but so
easy as acar no Look is that look no
Let's stop this nonsense already.
He is complaining that it has been leaked
that there was
and that is not... Well, I don't know, that is, his ex
moderator or moderator or I don't know what
has already done the same with a trial of
Javi what the [ __ ] are we
talking Ah very good very good is that
is that or his lawyer was saying that
that we couldn't talk about Loli because
Loli was an anonymous lady while
Loli was hitting us all like
I wouldn't see tomorrow and everyone was looking for
other side and this already has the eggs
man, that is, here it is only valid for
when it happens to them, go on
Ah It's true It's true they also told
and there is nothing wrong with it, you can tell it
man told it wrong he told it wrong his
moderator bad incomplete because we say
Habel the moderator began to say that
I knew how much they had asked me, it's like
But you know on what basis it was
argument given by the prosecutor and in what
It was based on what they had but
Well, anyway, this is a bit of it
always But that is not a revelation of
Secret is that a revelation of Secret
is that one accesses an illegal manner
revelation of Secret could be of
Chabelita what they said about I have the
part of the Doctor bleeding because he is a
that is considered a secret that cannot be
reveal Well, an intimate fact, a fact
private a police record Okay now
It's good that you get a token
police man Well suddenly you can
arrive because someone has given up
illegally to the police file or to the
police computer or something like that or
suddenly a lawyer has taken and
He acted like someone who had lost a piece of paper
and a journalist has been given the
journalist has the right by law not to
reveal your source to Teo there I am
you understand but this is precisely
It is neither a police record nor a piece of information
personal nor is it what it is that you
have you looked at the game that is
lie then say it's a lie. That's it.
It's okay, we'll see you.
trying to expand the case on the
years of prison that they are asking for you or
No, they are not trying to expand it for you.
Well, you take it there.
God it's not true that's what I said
another day is what I said I say to me no
I didn't ask my lawyer.
He said that he
continuing crime of concealment of assets
does not exist and does not apply because it is already
is asking for something that you once
that you are asking for something happened with what
From Carlota Prado you can't ask for another
You understand me. But well, if she
has requested and has been sent to you
provincial court because now he
the provincial court will answer but
that it wouldn't make much sense for it
accepted
no and when they have counted when they have
sometimes told things that have happened in
the trial of whether Rocío Carrasco has looked
he has not looked at his son if he has looked at
your daughter yes
No, and you have to talk to Consuelo, don't make me
talk no no yes yes things have been known about
those have been known
no and and Olga told in the of
I've known it a few times. Well, when
one harms a part when it harms
the other all over the world but of the
looks were not inside the room eh it was
before entering the
room yes the door
Of course it doesn't matter they weren't outside the
courtroom still in court no matter when
the mother passed by apparently
It's the same, they are things that can be done
count and nothing happens Of course because it is
I can get you out of a trial
I'll tell you the whole trial if I get the chance.
win, so there's nothing stopping me
The truth is maybe because you can
have a vision of what has happened and
then you know it's not but I don't see him
there is no revelation that it is
saying a revelation of Secret is
that a revelation of Secret has no
nothing to do with a revelation of Secret
It would be that now it came out that I tell you
I don't know what example to give you.
sensitive documentation of this day of the
last week that was no and that came out
sensitive but clear documentation
What's going to come out and that's all there is to it
more than chewed if they have taken out until the
video of him declaring yes it is true that
there is no reveal is that it does not make sense O
I don't understand why you don't know who
has taken out that
video man well I think it has been
one of the parts but of course as it is not known
You can try it because it could have been a
of the parties or may have betrayed it
a
The prosecutor was closed to the trial
Not just anyone can have it
I worked there that day, so you can have it.
the attorneys of both parties who do not
they have to work in the same
law firm but maybe they are
hired by the lawyer for a case
specifically that I don't think is right
I'm telling you too, eh, so I know
I don't think they should leak that kind of videos.
well man of course this is like that of
María del Monte and even less when she is not even
not even a judgment is a statement
where the video was also rolling
that way it is clear that if you cannot
freely express in court that he is
where you consider you are speaking
with the truth because you are
quietly there and with confidence
that you are in a private place, of course.
It's not good but what about you?
I say, look, maybe that's that leak.
from the video maybe it could be a
revelation of Secret if he has done so
someone who has had it in a way
illicit if it has been leaked by a prosecutor
If he has leaked such I think not because
I have it here, I give it to the mountain and its
woman to testify behind closed doors and
The journalists were there for 5 minutes
There Well you were there Javi no
The journalists were there 5 minutes later
who knew what Maria had declared
from the mountain So it's not there anymore
we knew but there we knew
when I left when they came in but yes
you could enter, of course you could enter
I was going up I was going up
because they told me they didn't want to move anymore
none because it was more or less 3 o'clock
the afternoon and Javi wants to come in you don't know
what no and and I go in and I went up to
find out how La Movida was going how much
whatever was left and I just entered
up and the journalist came out of the
judged to be a man of the Canal
that is always there for these
cases and he already told me No no they are already going to
outside I don't know what and the immaculate one came out
couple and I was greeting someone
stopped to say hello to someone and gave me
Time for me to get off, come on, let's go
march pu and we open
direct if you can, nothing happens but
Well, I don't know, it's come out a little bit
tangent let's look at a couple of Cos
illas more than María Patiño's eh of the
from the program Vale and now, well, this is this
is what people are putting in
Twitter, well, it seems to me that the
Antonia's answer is going to be a little
is that he vacilla vacilla apart from that
He talks a lot because talking talks a lot
but you don't understand him, I speak
a lot but I don't know what it says I don't
I understand what that says, a gift, that is
also the ozores spoke and did not
you understood that
There I was accused of leaking it. Well.
whenever there was a cover I was
He accused me of leaking it, there I was accused
to filter it to advance It is that
look at how society is too
This about the separation that person does not
says what there is a cover jumps where
It is said that these two separate and the
I am guilty because they say that I am guilty
I have uncovered It is that it is very
strong I think my brings
that she doesn't filter it, let her filter it
it filters it no it doesn't filter it no it doesn't
filter makes sure it's true I think
exactly what counts here what
Patiño says that he is wrong because
María Patiño says it is the magazine
Olga Moreno and Antonio David's week
It's like that in the magazine Semana, right? Yes, true.
okay not the week The reading
I don't understand how he could have made a mistake
And that same morning you do a
direct from the law firm
where David used to go regularly
because I was already preparing certain
demands And what Ana Rosa says live
that we know the information is true
Because at the beginning Even
questioning
In Ana Rosa, in Ana Rosa they confirmed it
with a crushing rotundity, yes and
I saw here save me in the afternoon and I
agreement that said no no if Ana Rosa did it
He said that it is true because of course
He has who he has and that afternoon it was
when Omar Suárez was when he put his
initials
Mr. that same afternoon
In Mira, well, I didn't remember that.
I was going to put this here there is one
news that is precisely the same day
from the cover Look pop Rosa okay there is the
date here the same day as the cover
Ok, October 21st, I don't know if it's available around here.
come to see but come on I tell you that
I've checked it before, okay, see for yourself
that we deny this I remember I
blind that we were with what you denied it
you denied it, I denied it, you denied it
you were all stubborn that you didn't
I swear I've seen them talking that
There's a good vibe and I was telling you Javi that I
I'm not going to tell you if there's a good vibe, no.
There's a good vibe but eh, I mean, it's just that I
I agree perfectly with an interview
chat four questions that he asked
Rabal to Antonio David and I said it
I say the way it is because
asked about Olga right and the way she
had to talk about Olga was not that of a
person in love is to see that was with with
Diego Arraval, that's where I realized.
clear or rather I or rather when I when
when I saw the answer to that one
question I said white and in a bottle uncle O
you have a lot of affection for her, she has behaved
very well That is not a person in love
No, I'm not looking for a post.
Because I also remember that that day I
They invited him to Javier Negre's show
and I went Fu bu I went to deny it because I
is that I was convinced that no but
Of course he always played with that
ambiguity and everything Clear as we already
we believed that everything they said
These people were all lies, you know how?
man, let's see
and in the end he didn't confirm it or
nothing but at the time it came out
Marta no no Sorry
Sorry, he didn't go down to the park to say
the one on TV had broken his
family had not broken up their marriage but
not his family Yes it is true it is true no
He left it ambiguous, he didn't make it clear, right?
Of course, well, my friend tried to break it.
family but it hasn't broken my family up such
which the family follows bu Is that look
how was it eh Look I have uploaded so
Let this be before the photos of
Malaga
Look, well, yes, eh. I totally agree.
with you more than 50 hours on television
a false separation to distract us
because of course here Javier Negre is already at his
[ __ ] ball saying that the news was
to distract us from what was
doing the PSOE you already know this
that you want each one with The
yours whatever you want but don't come back
dye chicken yellow eh I'll tell you
That's white, eh, kid, it was white. But
then your chicken turned yellow no but
What's wrong? I'm ugly. You look prettier like this.
Uncle, the beard is so black and the hair
so white it's weird eh it's weird eh
But look, I don't know why.
I have uploaded look at it you see talking about
the cover this is November 1st is that
I don't know why I have it up. I mean
The thing in Malaga was after the
cover no No man no before no before
It was Malaga and then it was the front page
before man no because look at the photo Look
is that I have sub Here is the video
from the cover me commenting on the cover
Ok, November 1st you'll have it scrambled
but it was before it makes no sense for me
upload two weeks later it is not true
It's true I thought they were a very family
united
Someone Look you have a new video on the
main channel and it is this
video So the deag can be
cover what are you telling me It's true
that I told him that I said at home
These are separated because they have not
coincided at no time in the
demonstration together Olga was seen among
the people Where is David Where is he
David but David got off the stone and
it was lengthened and
then I said these are separated
It's true. So yes, yes, about Malaga.
It was after the cover Yes no
annoying, I don't think so, what's that?
Here we go, look, you have something new.
video on the channel and this is the video
from Malaga noo yes yes eh
Hosts host and had already left
front page
There are many people there
disappointed not for Well let's see if there was
people who were disappointed by the
separation as such because there was a lot
people who had drawn them as one
fairy tale family
Disney and there are people who do
disappointed me that's why I disappointed you
That's why it seems a little absurd but yes
that many people were disappointed because they
felt
deceived I mean not because you separate but
because you are selling me an image that
no it does not agree with
reality looks
Ana Rosa has denied that they had
nothing to do with those photos they take of him
him leaving Martha's house and
Marta looking out, this is already in January
Okay, why didn't you want to give any?
exclusive because I don't want any more
finished rethinking many things and now
the one who makes decisions about his life
It's me and what I want to do is stop
market with all this and I don't
I feel like it, of course, or rather, it was what happened in Malaga.
Look, the cover came out there on the
Marta confirms it to Ana Rosa
We went to Malaga and what happens is that in that
time they start to say Marta risk
Marta risk and that's when they talk about the
scarlet leta point with the nail
partner no I mean that's when you hear
It is said that the scarlet letter is being discussed
and but the scarlet letter was not when
went down to talk to journalists
I was already speculating about the letter
Scarlet and when he goes down to the park
in that speech that sounds terrible
by the wind he makes a plea to that of
the scarlet letter and that there is one there is
a reporter who is beating herself up
and denying it because the initials appeared
Marta laughed with save me but they didn't say
the full name that is Of course there is
It has rained, eh, it has rained putting it on
Seeing it now in perspective, eh? You see.
If it has already rained, I remember that
when the cover came out
confirmed that Marta was with Antonio
avid that was already like around here more or
less look what you see that I'm there with
Javier Negre, well, that's more or less it.
I better introduce myself, Javier, to Marta.
Of course, and it didn't even occur to me
head that was true or knew anything
that they said things but you know that
many times they say things and they are not in the
you understand me clearly to you to you for
Nothing introduced you to her, black. It's true.
I met Marta Riesco as a black woman, but I don't know
agreement because I don't know if he got us into a
group what the hell did you do but I
I was talking to Marta and when she left she
news also I remember that's why the
another day that by the way we have to
mention that because on Twitter there is
many people denying what we talked about
another day you remember that the other day
we saw it
about what Marta says is nonsense
You see, it is not significant but that
Marta had said that they made her that
same day that the cover came out where it was
confirmed his relationship with Antonia VI
enter the set to see each other's faces
face to face
with with such Well look, well I think I think
that [ __ ] has blocked me no Look at
see
or has put or has put has put
padlock or has put padlock or has put me or has put me
blocked because I quoted here
The Good one of course I don't think I have
blocked because I have the account open
from Lorena right now, that is, it's not my
account then I don't think there is
blocked Lorena Well then piqui
I shared a series of videos here in the
that came out
eh these two images appeared in videos No
lie I don't know how to put it But come on
Basically Paqui denied that it was
It's true that the day the cover came out
Marta came out to Ana Rosa's plate
they made them come out to be face to face
with Rocío Flores because it was another day
that was twice as we said he was not there
But Rocío said she didn't want to face it.
a very pretty sevillana but let's go car
face but it was not face to face because
precisely Rocío was asked by Joaquín
PR you want Marta and she refused And
Then Joaquin got up and went to
another area of ​​the
car set why do they put it like that in
screen but it
not the same pl and is clicking on the image
of the
two one and the face that the other made but
it is not
face to face he didn't come that day he came
Afterwards when Rocío was operated on,
He was standing so that he couldn't sit down
Marta in the
sofa not face to face as such because
one is standing the other is on the
table but they told him about Rocío no
you want to be friends with Marta that you have
distanced from Marta that same relationship
with Marta and Rocío I asked for time, it was the
the only time they spoke in the
set the first day they did not speak to each other
They Good but the same but good
Let's see, they didn't talk, but let's see, it's not
that Marta said specifically or rather it is not
a lie you are not telling either
story And you say, well, they wanted to put the
dish That is to say the intention of the program
The intention of the program was that
the two of them would talk about something else
a no So yes, it is true that there was no
a face to face now that the situation
It was tense. I mean, what to say because they were
in different parts of the set but
They were focusing on the faces he made
each one and it is true that it was fair
after Olga's call, that is,
What to say the situation was very tense Yes
but Marta Marta did not lie what
He said it was the same day they took out the
cover Olga called Ana Rosa and her
They made him go through that, but there was no face
face to face with Marta He says that she
They wanted to do a face-to-face but oh well
there was no literal face face face okay but
the intention of the program surely yes
It was Yes you know it's not a lie of the sea
That's what I mean No no Let's see
It seems to me an absurd or inaccurate error
I want to tell you it's not a lie of course
I mean, I remember perfectly.
because here she that I had spoken
with her twice here she called me
before entering the set It's that I don't
I agree why he called me, I don't remember
why he called me because he had heard
something that was being said on YouTube and
She wanted to know if he was
confirming it was not being confirmed
I remember some movement of that but I
I remember perfectly that he called me
which also woke me up and I went to the
TV and she came in, you know
And well, nothing, eh. I don't see how it is.
he
environment that what not that what me
I still have something left to see, okay?
This is talking about
we among other things listen
unprecedented that group of people who
They misbehaved with you We are also
We do 100% yes Of course we do
of what I have done the video I today in the
principle resentment much resentment I did not understand
No
I understood that
this is against me for the damage to me
I mean, okay, I was a girl who has
in love with a guy who turns out to be
You are with him in a war but I am
a woman who is with him and you are me
bursting at
I didn't understand the war, I didn't understand
certain behaviors, certain jokes
probably now a year later yes
If I went back to that I would live it differently.
you know maybe now even as I say
Now I can say no because with everything
I don't care what I've experienced, but what about
Maria says the following why
You continue to protect because I have lived it and
this a few months ago
because you had a golden opportunity and
you sold me to protect him
then it's going to be a conversation
Not even all my classmates know
What I'm talking about I'm not me
Ah, I don't want to explain it on Monday because
and one thing, the therapies are very long
very long host But there is a lot of that
talk about all this but it is that they are the
7:30 then imagine Marta Because
Of course, right now I can't
deceive as they have deceived you to my
spectators Because here is the Bomb What
I do David Ah look that is the poor Bom
Marten
You sold me a host when you sell
someone is because you have spoken to them before
that
person because if not you don't sell to anyone
I say it's the same, I talk to Marta and
Marta told him I know V tea in theory
According to what Marta said, there was no difference between them.
there was a conversation, that is, the one who called him
was the lawyer
That's why I say let's see on Monday
that the story is presented here
be careful with what can happen
Monday eh Because I see Maria so
sure and saying that I say let's see you
you sell to someone you've spoken to
Maria's safety is for
to hit Marta eh but it doesn't matter because
If you have your truth Sister But if you
You have your truth and you say you sold me out
It's because you talked before and then
when the time has come you have
cracked and you sold me no or that is me
depending on what happens on Monday
I will give my opinion but now without having it yet
Monday is that for me the credibility
Well, Maria's credibility is good
Patiño That is, the argument of
who is saying it with great confidence
because he said with great certainty
things that were not true of course and he was told
they have
caught will have the person who is
is saying it is not one that is why you
I say that on Monday, sorry cl the
Monday apart from what is said
HM I am very much into analyzing the topic
non-verbal, that is, faces, gestures
So for me Monday is going to be
important what is said and and and all the
gestural theme, be careful, it's going to be super
important is that it is incredible, let's go, it is what
What am I telling you because I can throw myself into it?
to say with certainty a news that I
They can refute or you don't know but open me
They can report and then prove it but
is that you're going to have her face to face
I think Patiño is doing it for
that Marta shrinks like here all the time
world is doing things so that
contrary if the
contrary here everyone becomes
little things to make Marta shrink
They open live, things are said in the
live but Marta will leave on
Monday as Monday comes out I swear to you eh
If Marta comes out on Monday telling
María Patiño recognizing that the thing about
the posters are not like that, my goodness
kills everyone sincerely sincerely to
At that moment, Marta's eye will fall out.
and not to agree with Maria but
because Marta doesn't fall for me, I do
Javi falls on me at the moment in
which then I'm not going to believe many
of the things he has told Yes well
Of course, but Marta can also
say I have not lied It's that I
They call and tell me what happened.
Of course, of course, she wasn't there and I found out.
then it
I cover it clearly is that there can be many
ways of saying it and maybe Marta doesn't
she lied She was tricked or not Or it's not that how
be compared, that topic is very complicated.
They're going to take it out, eh, she'll be there all the time
weekend thinking that it's going to
answer yes no
if she is sincere she doesn't have to be
thinking nothing She will tell her truth and
clear point on Monday on Monday they will
put between a rock and a hard place
several topics eh Not in one eh in
several is that it is the most awesome of the
Maria patia you know what she is most interested in.
They are going to put it to that in that yes that
I was saying it in the newsrooms and
because she was with Antonio is a
nonsense that's nonsense but ha
side read
but many people have said that.
I think it is
truth is true But as she denies it
Well, that's it, but if he doesn't even deny it or
It means that if he says that he puts an audio on it
to Patricia Pardo and feels
identified with Patricia talking about
things and says that the other one has to see clearly
that I was saying yes yes no hab ha
recognized several colleagues that it
I knew during the interview then that
see but look, that's what it seems to me
less uncle because in the end the one who was
being unfaithful was he she was the single one
what the [ __ ] cl Sure, but you don't have to
counting who you sleep with now but
one thing to see
But let's see, one thing is that, that is, I
I'm not a supporter, I want to tell you, that is.
I am much more discreet in that sense.
but she had gotten the man from
your dreams Javi Claro you are not going to count
who you sleep with
Why me? I do, I do, I do have one.
channel of that eh the one I'm missing because
tell me you're going to tell me that you imagine
Well, assume that it arrives
Lore Forgive me there comes a time when
Imagine that for whatever reason there is
changes in life and you end up with Paula
chb barría you ask for forgiveness you who is gone
count on me, ask for forgiveness, you who
ask Paula for forgiveness, don't you see that
is assumed to
I don't know that until the butcher
jodas has forgiven before it happens
Tell her that I'm coming and she'll know
I tell but not how I am
dressing I am writing it to you by
WhatsApp won't believe what you told me.
passing is like that, man, jerk, that's not what they are
you count that's worth it Okay but yes but I
you're going to tell me that you don't know it
accounts to the whole
I open the world directly but in one go. Not me.
I would respect my Paula and I would keep her
the secret my balls if I
I would keep the secret in the little well now
you are sending a
message we are going to open directly we are going to
open directly to you yes but not to the
hallways But anyway, back to the topic
not that I dream very cheaply
Monday can be a bomb Yes but
good ones eh Because [ __ ] is that
whatever the bomb is like
so we are no longer talking about that of course
It's that the blows, the blows have gone little
The stick has almost gone and said, well, okay.
Come on, the family is broken, well, come on
Families separate. Nothing happens.
marriages but they can end well
come on, go ...
who has a girlfriend damn but she is
girlfriend looks like she had her before
a few months and now I'm online
I'm really mad at the other YouTuber.
He told me when he called us for the
interview that was heard on the other side
behind come okay come on go the adults
but of course we are already going
to be denied the posters as
If they take out the posters it would be very
My goodness, I would be very heavy from that moment on.
I swear I don't know about him anymore.
I would assume, eh, if Marta says at the end that
that he made it up or that he smoothed it out a bit
because in the end it's good to call him
attention to others
of course what stung what V but the posters
why then but the thing about the
posters that I had not even seen before
raised is that I don't know why Carmen
I was talking about that today but it's just that
I hadn't even considered that.
because yesterday Maria was very blunt with
That and it caught everyone's attention.
I also commented on it, I opened the live and
I said my bandages are falling off
entering a lot of doubts because cl a
see clearly, that is, Javi starts from the base of
who believes everything Marta says
I start from the basis that I do not believe anything
man all all no there is a part
But let's see, I start from the basis that
Marta is not usually a person
liar Maybe you embellish it with a
little but usually has the base of
true if it is curing something it is curing you
healing by
No, and I'm telling you, and maybe Marta, no, no.
He lied because that was the information that
she was in Madrid she was not in
Malaga person sonaje says he has it
to contrast but man let's see if you
you are saying it
boyfriend Of course you have to contrast
the things that you tell me
couple because her boyfriend is known for
never having lied you know how to see how to see
There is a new audio that I like.
They send important things, Lili tells me, okay?
We listen, we comment and we leave.
Okay, I have to think I know. Alo, I'm going to
the kids
eh whole and And surely it's not going to happen to you
the same thing that happened to you with him will happen
matter of the posters matter of the
posters that by the way after what
that you have
the judge made a request to you by means of an order
compensation to cover the
future damages and over the
I filed a complaint that he requested
120,000 of which has been seized from you
all your accounts have been seized
absolutely
everything and I understand that they have been
70,000 that they may have seized from you
After what you've done I'm going to
ask my lawyer to send a
written to the court because as now
started working on television
new and you also have advertising and you
They are paying, eh, that they seize your property
monuments that you charge for in the program
OK
eh Because I think that we have to obey the
justice and then how do I know that that
money that you are charging you are not going to
put Well I think that to obey
Justice: Eh, my lawyer will notify
Your Honor who is receiving income
from the television program where you are
working so that they are also for you
embargoed until the amounts are covered
120,000 that was requested by the
Ju but that is bail not what
Good request is for bail but until Yes
as far as I know in save me too
I had my salary seized, well, let's see
They also asked him for bail
80,000 turkeys not your moment when
garnishment Yes when a salary is garnished
Okay, it's not like they're going to garnish your salary.
complete, that is, eh what is done is you
they seize the salary and deduct it
minimum interprofessional wage and of the
that remains, they seize your
30% How how how is it Or is it if it is
charging because we already know what he charges
María Patiño earns 3000 turkeys, which is worth
that you earn the minimum wage
interprofessional that I believe
that
no50 that's it
I think it's worth it, of those 2000, 30% or
whether when they seize your land or when you
They garnish the amount of your salary
They seize by law that is 600 turkeys
They are going to seize your problem
having 70,000 pavilions had the
Patiño on the bench but it must have been
I mean, I think he put the house up as collateral.
eh [ __ ] but what a mess no but it is
I didn't know that to me
surprised, let's go, no, no, that news is
true because alber took that out and took it out
the car and everything, that is true, she
He appealed it and it seems that he didn't get it
They admitted it but I see it once
The barbarity is that not even Although the
condemn her, I see it as realistic that they condemn her to
000 turkeys which 1200000 turkeys seems to me
It seems like a lot of brutality to me but
I mean, I mean in the end that's what it is.
The judge ruled, eh? No, no, of course.
which was on a broadcast program Hey
But then if I had sued
the producer to the producer if there was
seen the the
video no no discussion a lot Because
and then they became Echo From there a
a lot like what's happening now but
Of course, normally that type of
quantities are given when they are
demands to the networks or to the
producers but when it is to a person
the sentences Well maybe a big one
that goes to you for 40,000 or 30,000 or something like that
You know, a very fat one seems to me
very high amount for a private individual
but no and it is not a nonsense either
She's not accusing him of pedophilia, damn it.
is accusing of having hung a los
posters to play the victim either
It's one thing you know but that's that amount
was wanted for slander and libel
or only for insults was the judge of
bail for whatever may happen in case of
the insults that are what is happening
playing it straight, the slander is not known
They accepted but I see it once I see it once
barbarity aar, what a mess that is
Patiño has this with him, well, like this
the patiña will be hotter than the
Monday is going to catch her by the band and she is going to
say man Man Of course that
yes of course she let's see me it's that of course
We are talking about María Patiño and I
María Patiño I don't believe we're going or not.
neither nor anything nothing absolutely nothing Well
is what we are talking about if it is another
person because with the way of speaking that
is having and the security that seems
Keep [ __ ] That you know something You know
then of course if I know what I have
said is that what you have said of all
ways is a lie because you can't
say that you have watched a video of Antonio
putting up a poster and existing when it doesn't
There is But well if you know that about the
posters are not true and you know it
irrefutably because I understand that
take the moon and go with everything and even
that you do not squeeze Marta the sa That no
stop I would have taken it out eh I would have
called would have told Marta look that
pin that bread that Pon I would have already put it
taken out if I am completely sure not
I stop the
problem what happens is that at the end the
private conversation Javi then is more
such a [ __ ] thing if you squeeze her
nuts live with a kico there but
the problem that Maria had that made him do it
just that they had just broken up
let a little more time pass
then the other said this is
Taking advantage of the fact that I broke up with Antonio
David for this Tal and
which time passed what
Damn, but if you the breakup was
months ago and what happened to María Patiño was a while ago
relatively little of Maria's but it was
the 3 o'clock in the morning thing over there in
one of time passed time passed or when
It turned out that Marta Riesco started to tell
that Antonio had a 40-year-old lover
50-stick sticks That can be sticks
That could be somewhere around there for one of them.
These that came out between the breakup and that
you contact her, months have passed
Eh yes yes spend months but also
It would look very ugly on Marta's part if
has been part of that plot now
suddenly you break up with him and now
You betrayed this, you had that there was something
too big for you to betray him
now that way it's not you Imagine
that you and I do it, we prepare one
little lie to save myself from what
be and now I fight with you and you
You betray something that we have done in
private I'm not like that, the truth is I
things I usually save from a friend or
a friendship
then I fight unless I have to
take out because the other is selling me to
me and have to go out to the other thing
another thing exactly another thing is that
I have to
defend against accusations from you or what
be but yes but realize that they carry
all week with you has used you Has used you
used He has used you and now he is going
to sell the film but Marta doesn't
You realize that he used you with this topic
but you have your profession for that reason
They're mining it all week long.
that all that at the end there with four
people in front like Kiko Hernández
María Patiño Lidia Lozano and that is not
Kikom Matamoro and I tell you we'll see
See, eh. Let's see the conclusion in the chat. Let's go.
to reach a
point I don't know if any moderator can
even put a survey but it doesn't work anymore
give us time because we are going to leave now
the polls That should have
said in the case Bueno pero que
answer the surveys by hand
the ancient ones of the hearts
hearts
Marta Riesco if the truth is different
different from what we know should be
tell it or should it be
Loyal And
What do you think? I think I should.
to tell it I
I am also the one who carries the
loyalty to the last consequences
But but if he behaves well with you No
but if that person has behaved badly
with you because you're going to have to
keep loyalty uncle
Exactly, it has to go in both.
addresses why it has been so bad
behaved with Marta, that is, if he hasn't
answered nothing of what she has
been saying for me it has been a
very toxic relationship but nothing more but
as to count
Let's see, I'm asking what I should
do not what we wish to do
do is that I have a feeling there
found I think not of
tell it rain hosts because apart from it
I have done If they are going to rain on me
hosts when responsibility and the
It's not my fault, I'm going with my truth
I have fought with people with whom I
He hasn't spoken to me for years and they've dumped me
even up to [ __ ] and me and And no and I haven't
sold
Things I have eaten hosts
for being to the people who today do not
I wouldn't do it, I think soip too, eh, or I don't know.
clear by
I wouldn't do that, what I would do
But I'm already a fool, don't take me into account.
Mig who already knows that you know but I don't
you would need a few more years
experience Exactly take a few of
more kicks
but it is true that everything can
change eh And what about those of you who believe that
that's where I did make a call and
I told him I'm with Rocío Carrasco or
Something didn't happen, nothing else. I, I said it.
From the first minute, everything was for me
what happened was eh
a
Hey, look, the guy posted the survey.
a bow for Antonio dav of course he does
because it has a [ __ ] editor
and for me that was a screaming call
listen to me because let's remember that the
had blocked everywhere How the
unlocked but I know what I
Another day Alne said that this is a
thing but stretching it like they stretched it
will blame and hold responsible
production company where she worked Yes, let's see
Of course, that is the interview they have
put as pieces okay but eh in that
specific piece Yes, it is true
that by the cut they make it is understood
like he did things he didn't want to do
to have done but that he did them for
keep your work clear the assembly that
have made the videos and the cuts of
understand that and that may be the
that he already has up his sleeve
responsible for the
producer eles we are here for the
night but on Monday we are here for the
night 100% Hey, haven't you had a good time?
Today yes but if I don't say no to it
I had a good time when you missed me
the
true Today I have already told you all the
days I've told you every day Eh
Be careful, I've told you every day
and she left me in I passed me by But
look
now it's kicking and now it's
thinking Well it's true I had to
having paid attention before is not true
truth is that many people have done that in case I
you give two
seconds Thank you very much I mean I have
made a brutal disconnection from networks in
this time Thank you very much to the
people who have written to me even though you are not
I have answered, I will answer now
How are you? But thank you so much because I have
felt so much love and so much
support throughout this time and
leonia if I have left you a hostile thing
Leonia's has already been God level, that is,
Poor thing, I don't even know how he follows me.
writing
I know Thank you very much, it really didn't bother me.
left in is a lie Oh well the other one
day I did make you happy Yes yes Well one
couple of days Yes I was roasting like that I was that
Don't count me, listen to me, family, see you later.
Okay, I don't think there will be a live show tomorrow.
It obviously has to be tomorrow already
that it gets very big, very big, very big
fat for live not tomorrow at the latest
They're going to be baiting the Monday stuff
But hey, listen to me. I don't know, but come on.
I hope not because tomorrow man I
I would like not to do live even if I do
I would like to record a newscast
I've also been on the news all these days
I am without a place and I am upside down, not
I have time now for you to see that everyone
the team members are all
so important that when one is missing
because last week an editor was missing
and now places that have also been had
a few days and every time one is missing, then
You can no longer keep up with the whole
machinery at the same time and I carry without
news here Well here in the other one no
I don't even know the days. Then tomorrow I'll
I would love not to do live and I went out to
take and such a huge kiss family
Thanks Consuelo Thanks s Cotilla
Thank you for subscribing to their channels and
that nothing that we see that we see that
I'm going to the salseria but I'm going to
to have dinner something that I haven't had for dinner, I'm going to snack
go to the channel in the meantime
main and if you go to bed go
for the main channel I first uploaded
a video of those you like that I made
It's been a while since I uploaded a video like this about
thematic of de cotidos by María Patiño and
These people are not on TV on the channel
main in Javi oliveira iros Because
You're going to like the video, listen to me a bit.
kiss
[Music]